id	label	premise	hipothesis
1	Entailment	A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses	The small girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
2	Entailment	A group of people playing soccer are running on the field.	A group of soccer players are running on the field.
3	None	The man is riding a motorcycle on a ground that is virtually arid	The man is dismounting from a motorcycle to a floor that is virtually arid
4	Entailment	A deer is jumping over an iron fence	The deer is jumping over the fence
5	Entailment	The man is playing the flute	A man is playing a flute
6	None	Tofu is being sliced by a woman	A girl is melting two pieces of butter together.
7	Entailment	A man is drawing some figures.	A person is drawing some figures.
8	Entailment	Someone is pouring ingredients into a pan	Someone is adding ingredients in a pan
9	Entailment	A soccer player is scoring a goal	A soccer player is scoring a goal
10	Entailment	A black man is walking near a store in a big city	A black man is walking next to a building in a large city.
11	Entailment	A girl in a bikini is playing in the dunes	A girl in a bikini is playing in the sand
12	None	A man is playing the keyboard	A man is playing an electric guitar.
13	None	The man is not playing the guitar	The man is playing a guitar
14	Entailment	The wave is being surfed by the surfer	A surfer is riding the wave
15	Entailment	Two big dogs are playing in a grassy field	Two big dogs are playing in a field
16	None	A plane is flying	A puppy is barking
17	None	People are on a sandy beach near the ocean and are enjoying sunny day.	There&#39;s nobody on the coast
18	Entailment	The small boy with brown hair is jumping from a brown chair to the floor	A young boy is jumping from a chair
19	Entailment	Kids are being dressed up in costumes and playing a game	Kids are being dressed up in costumes and playing a game
20	Entailment	A kitten is playing with a toy.	The little cat is playing with a toy
21	None	The windows are being cleaned by a man	The driver&#39;s car is parked by a man
22	Entailment	A guinea pig is eating a carrot	A guinea pig is devouring a carrot
23	None	People are not playing cricket	People are playing cricket
24	None	A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.	The backyard light is playing tricks in the dark on the brown and black dog
25	Entailment	A dog that has brown and white fur is trotting in the shallows	A dog that has white and brown fur is trotting in the shallows
26	None	A man is pointing to a silver sedan	A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall.
27	Entailment	One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman	A woman is receiving volleyball balls from another woman
28	None	A woman is walking the dog on the street	A woman is holding the dog
29	Entailment	A tree is being picked up by a man	A man is carrying a tree.
30	Entailment	The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses.	A man in a suit is being surrounded by photographers
31	Entailment	A brown dog is passing a snowy trail	A brown dog is running down a snowy path
32	None	A woman is cracking some eggs in a bowl	A woman is adding ingredients in a large bowl.
33	None	There&#39;s no man holding a frog	A man is holding a frog
34	Entailment	The panda is eating bamboo	A panda bear is eating some bamboo
35	Entailment	A man is sprinkling grated cheese on a pizza.	A man is sprinkling cheese on a pizza.
36	None	A man is standing still	A man is talking
37	None	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand	A person in gloves is kicking a monkey&#39;s hand
38	None	No water being drunk by a cat	A truck is speeding down a hill
39	None	There&#39;s no man playing a wooden flute	A man is playing the piano
40	None	A woman is dancing in a cage.	There are no women dancing in a cage
41	Entailment	A man is playing a guitar	A man is playing the guitar
42	Entailment	A man is eating some food	The person is eating
43	Entailment	A man is slicing an onion	The onion is being cut by man
44	None	Two people are walking two dogs with golden fur in the snow	No one is in the snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage
45	Entailment	Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball in the goal	Some people playing soccer are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
46	Entailment	A man is typing on a machine used for shorthand	The man is operating a shorthand machine
47	Entailment	A dog is catching a ball	The dog is catching a ball
48	None	Blonde girl is dancing behind the stereo	The blonde girl is dancing in front of the stereo
49	Entailment	Some paper is being cut	The piece of paper is being cut
50	Entailment	A young child with black hair is taking a picture with a camera	A young child with black hair is taking a picture with a camera
51	None	Someone is playing a piano	Someone is taking apart a piano
52	Entailment	A car is being driven by a man	A man is driving a car.
53	None	Some bells are ringing near a cook slicing peppers	The person is dicing a pepper that is orange
54	Entailment	A man is performing a trick on a green bike	A man is doing a bike trick
55	None	South African plane is flying in the blue sky	South African plane is not flying in a blue sky
56	Entailment	A woman is slicing a carrot	Carrot is being sliced by a woman
57	None	The horse is being ridden by a man	The man is on the ride with the horse
58	Entailment	A girl is waking up	A girl is waking up
59	None	The woman is playing the flute	A woman is expertly playing a flute
60	Entailment	A black and white dog is playing with a wrecked volleyball in a brown field.	A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball ball in a brown field.
61	None	A car and a train are hitting a toy	A toy train is hitting a toy car
62	Entailment	A fish is being cut by a man	A man is slicing a fish
63	Entailment	A monkey is riding a bike	A monkey is riding a bicycle
64	Entailment	A couple of female cops are singing in a karaoke	A couple of female cops are singing
65	Entailment	A big white dog is jumping up in the snow	A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area.
66	None	A man is running down the road	A man is standing still
67	None	A panda is climbing	A man is trailing before a climb
68	None	A horse is riding on a man	A man is riding a horse
69	None	Two boys on the couch are playing video games	Two boys are on the couch playing games on the television
70	None	A man is riding a motorcycle around the city	There&#39;s no man riding a motorcycle around town
71	None	Not many people at the ice skating park	Many people are in an ice skating park
72	Entailment	The woman is looking at the view of a city	A woman is looking at the view of a city
73	None	A squirrel is running in circles.	A runner is surrounding a squirrel
74	Entailment	A person is kicking a soccer ball between the feet	The person who is playing field soccer is kicking the ball between someone&#39;s legs
75	None	A group of friends are sailing the current in a dinghy	Life jackets are being worn by a group of people practicing water rescue
76	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	A man is playing the instrument
77	None	A monkey is brushing the dog	There&#39;s no monkey brushing the dog
78	None	A man is moving gracefully	A man is dancing
79	Entailment	The child is delightfully playing with outdoor toys.	The child is playing with toys outdoors
80	None	Two teams are playing field soccer	Different teams are playing soccer on the field
81	Entailment	A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks.	A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood
82	None	A herd of reindeer is crossing a road.	A herd of deer is crossing the street.
83	Entailment	Someone is falling off the horse	Someone is falling off a horse
84	None	The woman is holding the eggs	The woman is cracking eggs in a bowl
85	Entailment	A brown dog is jumping in the air	The brown dog is jumping in the air
86	None	A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish	A boy is running away from a fishing line
87	Entailment	A girl is jumping in the car	A girl is jumping in a car
88	None	The man is operating a shorthand machine	Man needs a shorthand machine to operate
89	Entailment	A man on a yellow mountain bike is jumping	A person on a yellow mountain bike is jumping
90	None	Two girls are sitting on the floor	Several children are sitting and raising their knees
91	None	There&#39;s no dog licking a baby	A dog is licking a baby
92	Entailment	A brown puppy is pulling a metal pole that is stuck to the floor	A brown puppy is biting a post.
93	None	The woman is casting shadow	There&#39;s no woman casting a shadow
94	Entailment	Four dogs are playing in a grassy area	Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
95	None	The dog is not pushing the boy in the water	A dog is pushing a small child into a rain puddle
96	Entailment	A cat is playing with a tiny bottle	An animal is playing with a tiny bottle
97	Entailment	The man is eating	A man is eating food
98	None	A woman is applying makeup carefully	A band is singing loud
99	None	Two people are fighting and the spectators are watching	Two women are fighting in a kickboxing match
100	None	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan	A man is taking oil from a sautese
101	Entailment	A dog is running towards a ball	A dog is running towards a toy
102	None	A clown is singing	A clown is singing and people are dancing
103	None	The man is riding a horse	The girl is riding a horse
104	None	Some people are playing cricket	Some men are playing cricket
105	None	The boy is not riding a tricycle	The boy is riding on a tricycle
106	None	A cyclist is pedaling away from a fence.	A cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence
107	Entailment	Potatoes are being sliced by a woman	A woman is slicing potatoes
108	Entailment	A woman is playing the flute	The woman is playing a flute
109	Entailment	A man is slowly bending a tortilla	A person is wrapping a tortilla
110	Entailment	A ball is being caught by a dog in midair	A dog is catching a ball in midair
111	None	The man is not walking in the forest	The man is climbing in the woods
112	None	A woman is receiving volleyball balls from another woman	A woman is pulling volleyballs over a net
113	Entailment	A duck with brown feathers and green head is flapping its wings in the water	A bird is flapping its wings in the water
114	None	The lady is not cutting the meat	The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
115	None	A cyclist wearing black is breaking the gears	A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike
116	Entailment	A red helmet biker is riding a blue motorcycle down the road	A biker is riding the motorcycle along the highway
117	Entailment	A paper plate is being cut by a man	A man is cutting a paper board.
118	Entailment	A white cat perched on a tiny wooden closet is looking out the window.	A white-haired cat, perched in a small wooden closet, is looking out the window.
119	Entailment	Runners are competing in a race.	Runners are running in a competition.
120	None	A woman is taking a can	A woman is grabbing a can
121	Entailment	A man is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court	A person is wearing a blue skirt and walking barefoot on the tennis court
122	Entailment	The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl	The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl
123	None	Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them	The boys are standing in front of the burning car
124	Entailment	A man is putting vegetables in a pan	Someone is adding ingredients in a pan
125	Entailment	A dog stands near a red-colored ball that is in the air.	A dog is near the red ball in the air
126	None	There&#39;s no man cutting a paper plate	A man is cutting a paper board.
127	None	A woman is cutting a tomato	A man is cutting a potato
128	Entailment	Some people are singing	A group of people are singing
129	Entailment	The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background.	The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background.
130	Entailment	Four kids are bridging the park	Four girls are bridging and playing outdoors
131	Entailment	The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes	A little oil is being poured over the tomatoes by a man
132	Entailment	The windows are being polished by a man	The windows are being cleaned by a man
133	None	The girl, who is young, is blowing a bubble that is huge	The girl in the red shirt is blowing a bubble
134	Entailment	A man is pouring a plate of cheese that is grated into a sauce pan	A man is pouring a plate of grated cheese into a sauce pan
135	None	A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.	There&#39;s no lady mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
136	Entailment	The man is playing the guitar	The man is playing the instrument
137	Entailment	A father is launching his daughter into a pool	A father is playing his daughter in the pool
138	None	There&#39;s no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or sitting outside in a busy area writing something	A man is sitting near a bicycle and writing a note.
139	Entailment	A cat is jumping in a box	A cat is jumping into a container
140	None	There&#39;s no man playing a bamboo flute	The man is playing a flute
141	None	A man is tearing pictures of a lake	The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach
142	Entailment	A boy is playing a guitar	The boy is playing a guitar
143	Entailment	There&#39;s a guy excitedly playing with a sock ball	A guy is playing excitedly with a sock ball
144	None	A little child is drinking water from the cup.	The kitten is not eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl.
145	Entailment	Some food is being eaten by a man	A man is eating some food
146	None	The woman is cooking something	The woman is not cooking anything
147	Entailment	A tiny tree is being eaten by a baby elephant.	A baby elephant is eating a wee tree
148	Entailment	Something is being celebrated by a cold cyclist	A cold cyclist is celebrating
149	None	The man is playing the flute	A man is holding the guitar.
150	Entailment	A man is skipping rope in a field	A man is jumping rope outside
151	None	Three boys are jumping in the leaves	Kids in red shirts are playing in the leaves
152	None	A man is passionately playing a guitar.	The singer is playing the guitar in front of a person
153	Entailment	A chef is preparing some food	Some food is being prepared by a chef
154	None	The person is writing with a pencil	The writings are about a person drawing
155	Entailment	The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar cover open for donations.	The guitar is being played by the man who has the guitar case open for donations
156	Entailment	A boy is looking at a calendar	The boy is checking a calendar
157	None	A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby	The baby is crawling happily
158	None	Some men are playing cricket	A small group of men are happily playing cricket.
159	None	A woman is putting makeup on her eyelid	A woman is removing cosmetics from her eyelid.
160	None	The dog is pushing a boy into the water	A dog is pulling a small child out of a rain puddle
161	Entailment	The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper	The pepper is being sliced by a woman with a knife
162	Entailment	Fish is being cooked by a woman	A woman is cooking fish
163	None	A monkey is wading through the swamp	A monkey is not walking by the water
164	Entailment	Some dogs are playing in a river	Some dogs are playing in a stream
165	None	A woman is cutting an onion	A horse is standing
166	Entailment	A person is quickly mincing mushrooms with a knife	A person is quickly cutting mushrooms with a knife.
167	Entailment	A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage.	The woman is dancing
168	None	A man is performing a trick on a green bike	A man dressed in black is riding a bicycle
169	None	Two people in snow clothes are lying in the snow and are making snow angels	No one in snow clothes is lying in the snow and making snow angels
170	None	The man is not dancing	The man is dancing
171	None	The monkey is brushing a bulldog	The monkey is not brushing a bulldog
172	None	A woman is removing cosmetics from her eyelid.	A woman is applying cosmetics on her eyelid.
173	Entailment	A man and a woman are shaking hands.	Two people are shaking hands
174	None	There&#39;s no man walking outside	A man is walking outside
175	None	There&#39;s no deer jumping over fences	The deer is jumping over a fence
176	Entailment	The monkey is brushing a bulldog	A monkey is brushing the dog
177	None	A group of friends are sailing the current in a dinghy	No one is practicing water rescue and wearing life jackets
178	Entailment	The contents of a bowl are being mixed by a man.	A man is mixing the contents of a bowl.
179	Entailment	A grass-covered young boy is jumping near a wooden fence	A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence
180	Entailment	A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence	A grass-covered young boy is jumping near a wooden fence
181	Entailment	A woman is slicing a cucumber	A person is slicing a cucumber
182	Entailment	The dog is jumping to catch a frisbee in the snow	A dog is jumping to catch a frisbee in the snow
183	None	The boys are not dancing in front of some people	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
184	None	Two people are riding a motorcycle	Two bikes are being pedaled by two people
185	Entailment	The ball is being buried by a man in a team shirt at a basketball game.	A man in a team shirt is burying a ball in a basketball game
186	None	A young boy is not climbing a wall made of stone	A small child is climbing a climbing wall within a covered area.
187	Entailment	A chimpanzee is practicing martial arts	A monkey is practicing martial arts
188	Entailment	Three men are staring at the large green hills in the distance.	Three men are looking into the distance
189	None	A plane is taking off	A plane is landing
190	Entailment	Kittens are eating food in trays	Some kittens are eating.
191	None	A woman is playing an electric guitar	A man is playing a guitar
192	Entailment	Two little boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor.	Two little children are wearing tuxedos
193	Entailment	A person is brushing a cat	The person is brushing a cat
194	None	One man is pushing a helmet against another on a black bike.	A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike
195	None	Two young small girls are sitting on the floor	Several children are sitting and raising their knees
196	Entailment	A person in a black and red uniform riding a bicycle is standing on a mountain bike	A cyclist in black and red uniform is standing on a mountain bike.
197	Entailment	A woman is cooking empanada pork chop	A woman is cooking a pork chop that is breaded
198	Entailment	A man is riding a motorcycle	A man is driving a motorcycle
199	None	Potato is being peeled by a woman	A woman is throwing a potato peel
200	None	A dog is jumping on a trampoline	A dog is jumping on a diving board
201	Entailment	A homeless house man is holding a sign and begging for money	A homeless man is holding a sign and is begging mercifully for money.
202	None	A man is playing a guitar	A piano is being played by someone
203	Entailment	The cat is playing with a device	A cat is playing with a device
204	None	There&#39;s no panda bear eating some bamboo	The panda is eating bamboo
205	Entailment	A man is squirting a white dog&#39;s mouth water with a water pistol	Water is being squirted by a man into a white dog&#39;s mouth with a water pistol
206	None	The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken	The man is stirring the oil
207	Entailment	Two little-looking boys in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpet floor	Two little boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor.
208	None	A dog is running on the road	There&#39;s no man running on the road
209	Entailment	A snake is being fed by a mouse by a man.	A man is feeding a mouse to the snake.
210	Entailment	A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat	The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette
211	None	Snowboarder jumps in the air	A jump on white snow is very attractive to snowboarders
212	None	A ping pong player meets two people	Some animals are playing in the water.
213	Entailment	A big green ball is hitting a potato	A big green ball is dropping a potato
214	Entailment	A little dog is lying in a bed	A wee dog is lying in bed
215	None	Sautese is being greased by a woman who is pouring some water	A monkey is angrily kicking a target
216	Entailment	A man is talking to the woman who is sitting next to him and is driving a car	The woman and the man are traveling by car
217	Entailment	A boy is practicing keyboard	A boy is playing a keyboard
218	None	A man is speaking on a stage.	There&#39;s no man talking on a podium
219	None	A dress that is black, red, white and pink is being worn by a woman	A woman is taking off a very large cloak and revealing a fancy dress
220	None	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.	The boys are dancing in front of some people
221	None	Two men are taking a break from the trip on a snowy road.	Two men are holding bikes and standing beside a snow covered road
222	None	An egg is being cracked in a bowl by a woman	The woman is breaking two eggs inside a glass bowl
223	None	Some fish are swimming.	Some fish are swimming fast
224	Entailment	A man is doing barbell raises	The man is doing exercise
225	None	Two crocodiles are swimming in a green pool near children playing.	Two kids are playing in a pool with a green colored crocodile float
226	Entailment	The man is dancing frantically	The man is dancing
227	None	The squirrel is not running in circles	An animal is running in circles.
228	None	The man is dancing	A woman is dancing
229	Entailment	An onion is being sliced by the woman	The woman is slicing an onion
230	None	There&#39;s no woman cooking eggs	A woman is cooking eggs
231	Entailment	A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit	A rabbit is playing with a toy
232	Entailment	A child in green and white sports uniform is running on the grass	A child in green and white sports uniform is running over the grass
233	None	A talk about an adult and a boy is being given in an amphitheater	The man and the boy are standing under the stairs, which is outdoors
234	Entailment	One basketball player is on the court floor and another is catching the ball	Two basketball teams are fighting for the ball on court
235	Entailment	Several people stand in front of a building that is covered in color.	Several people stand in front of a colorful building
236	None	An elderly woman is shirtless and is awkwardly knocking over two newspapers.	An old woman is wearing a shirt with rose patterns and is clumsily carrying two newspapers.
237	Entailment	A black helmet is being worn by a man pushing a bike	A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike
238	Entailment	Woman is pouring oil into the frying pan	Oil is being poured into a frying pan by the woman
239	Entailment	A man in a red jacket is standing near a yellow kayak on some rocks in the ocean.	A man in a red jacket is standing near a yellow kayak on some rocks near the ocean.
240	None	There&#39;s no man throwing the ball in a basketball game	A man in a team shirt is burying a ball in a basketball game
241	Entailment	A young man is taking a motocross motorcycle up a dirt hill	A young man is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill
242	Entailment	A big duck is flying above a rocky stream	A large duck is flying over a rocky stream.
243	None	A man is taking a plate of grated cheese from a sauce pan	The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
244	None	A woman is dancing and singing in the rain.	There&#39;s no woman dancing and singing in the rain
245	Entailment	A man is playing the flute	A man is making music with a flute
246	None	A boy is throwing away a calendar	A boy is looking at a calendar
247	None	A man is opening a package that does not contain headphones.	A woman is riding a horse
248	None	A man is hitting a boy with a sword	A boy is hitting a man with a sword
249	Entailment	Some animals are playing wildly in the water	Some animals are playing in the water.
250	None	The man is cutting the tape in the box	A man is playing tape in a cut out box
251	Entailment	A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping in a blue kids pool	A young-looking boy wearing a red swimwear is jumping into a blue children&#39;s pool
252	None	The lady is adding cheese to the sauce	A man is taking a plate of grated cheese from a sauce pan
253	None	A man is performing a trick on a green bike	A black man in green is riding a bicycle
254	None	A man is taking apart the battery	A man is playing the drums
255	Entailment	The woman is casting shadow	A woman is casting a shadow
256	None	The woman is not stirring meat in a bowl	A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.
257	Entailment	A woman is applying makeup carefully	A woman is putting on some makeup carefully.
258	Entailment	A man in a dyed purple shirt is looking at the man in the black shirt who is making a funny face	A man in a purple-dyed shirt is looking at a man in a black shirt who is making a face that looks funny
259	None	A woman wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle across a pedestrian bridge	Pink bell-bottom pants and pink scarf are not being worn by women with silver pants or people riding bikes
260	None	Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool	Two kids are playing in a pool with a green colored crocodile float
261	Entailment	The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer	The lady is breaking an egg for the mixer
262	None	A biker is wearing a gear that is black	One man is pushing a helmet against another on a black bike.
263	None	A cheetah is running fast after its prey	A cheetah is stalking its prey breathless across a field
264	Entailment	A young girl is using sign language	Sign language is being used by a young girl
265	None	A man is laughing	A man is crying
266	None	The man is driving a car	The driver&#39;s car is parked by a man
267	None	A man is mowing a lawn	A man is mixing
268	Entailment	A woman is dipping a shrimp in the batter	A woman is dipping a pitu in the batter
269	None	The person is not drawing	A man is drawing a picture
270	Entailment	Tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball	A tennis player with a green belt is hitting the ball
271	None	A man is silent	A man is talking
272	Entailment	A cyclist is fearlessly doing a trick in the air.	The cyclist is performing a trick in the air.
273	Entailment	A boy is looking at a calendar	A boy is checking a calendar
274	Entailment	A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and is playing with a brown dog in the grass.	A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and is playing with a brown-haired dog in the grass.
275	None	A man is dancing on a roof.	There&#39;s no man standing on a roof playing a violin
276	None	A person is playing a guitar and singing	The singer is hiring a person to fire the guitarist
277	Entailment	A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby	A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby
278	None	There is no man riding a horse	The man is riding a horse near a stream
279	Entailment	A young boy is climbing a stone wall	Young boy is climbing the stone wall
280	Entailment	A man is riding a motorcycle	A man is riding a motorcycle
281	None	Mud is being thrown at boy playing	The boy is playing in the mud
282	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	The guitar is being played by a man
283	None	A man is cutting himself with a piece of paper.	A man is cutting a paper.
284	Entailment	A lady in a fur hat and a fur coat is standing outdoors in front of a building.	A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside the building
285	None	Three women are standing still	Three women are dancing
286	None	A man is talking about the stage.	A man is speaking on a stage.
287	Entailment	Someone is playing the piano	The piano is being played by someone
288	None	The woman is not playing the flute	The woman is playing the flute
289	Entailment	A cat is greedily drinking milk	Some milk is being greedily drunk by a cat
290	None	A boy is standing in the water	A boy is standing out of the water
291	Entailment	A guitar is being played by a man next to a drummer	A man is playing guitar near a drummer.
292	None	A man is exercising	A girl is exercising
293	None	Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool	Two kids are pulling an inflatable crocodile out of a pool
294	Entailment	A man is putting some cheese on a pizza	A man is sprinkling grated cheese on a pizza.
295	Entailment	A girl has a shirt and is keeping her mouth open	A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open
296	None	A man is running away from a soccer ball	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch
297	None	Two scared boys are talking on the phone	A woman is talking on a telephone
298	None	A man is holding a guitar.	A man is passionately playing a guitar.
299	Entailment	A Middle Eastern man is standing leaning against a pole near other people.	A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people.
300	Entailment	A man is sitting comfortably at the table.	A person is sitting comfortably at a table.
301	None	A man is mixing	A man is shaking a drink
302	None	A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge.	A boy is walking across a bridge
303	Entailment	A flute is being played by a girl	A girl is playing a flute
304	None	A woman is slicing a tomato	A woman is peeling a potato
305	Entailment	Two adults are sitting on chairs and are watching the ocean.	Some adults are sitting on chairs and are watching the ocean.
306	None	The man is intensely playing the guitar	A young woman is playing the guitar
307	Entailment	The man is riding a horse	A horse is being ridden by a man
308	Entailment	People are on a sandy beach near the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day.	A lot of people are on the coast
309	None	A dog that has white and brown fur is trotting in the shallows	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water
310	Entailment	The black dog is carrying a blue and white ball in its mouth	A black dog is carrying a blue and white toy in its mouth.
311	Entailment	A man is playing the drums	A man is playing the drums
312	None	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing rods	There&#39;s no man standing near the water and holding fishing rods
313	None	The man is playing a guitar	The man is not playing a guitar
314	None	The monkey is being trained in martial arts	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand
315	None	The doctor is not helping the patient	The doctor is helping the patient
316	None	People are on a sandy beach near the ocean and are enjoying sunny day.	A lot of guys are on the coast
317	None	A group of people are equipped with safety equipment.	A person with cycling gear is standing facing some mountains
318	None	The bride and groom are leaving after the wedding	A newly married couple is walking down the aisle
319	None	The woman is not cutting a carrot	The woman is cutting a carrot
320	None	Two men are breaking into a car while traveling on a snowy road	Two men with bikes stand on the side of a snowy road
321	Entailment	A dog is running on a snowy road	A dog is running on a snowy path.
322	None	The singer is hiring a person to fire the guitarist	A person is playing a guitar and singing
323	Entailment	A man is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag	A man is in a boat in front of the sunset
324	Entailment	A man is participating in a bmx race	A man is participating in a bmxs race
325	Entailment	A man near a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hairnet	A man near a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hairnet
326	None	A couple is running towards the ocean	There are no couples running towards the ocean
327	None	There is no man in a black jacket doing tricks on a motorcycle	A person in a black blouse is doing tricks on a motorcycle
328	Entailment	The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl	The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl
329	None	A plane is landing	This plane is taking off
330	None	The woman is chopping garlic	Broccoli is being stung by a woman
331	Entailment	A dog, which is caramel, is crossing the snow	A caramel dog is running through the snow
332	None	You&#39;re not measuring another woman&#39;s ankle	You are measuring another woman&#39;s ankle
333	Entailment	The lady is slicing a tomato	The woman is slicing a tomato
334	Entailment	A woman is beating two eggs in the bowl and is using a whisk made of metal	A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and is using a whisk made of metal.
335	None	A man is slicing a bread	No one is slicing a loaf of bread
336	None	The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper	The woman with the knife is not slicing a pepper
337	Entailment	A man is slicing a bread	A person is slicing a loaf of bread
338	Entailment	A boy is wearing everything black and is sliding on a yellow inflatable slide.	A boy is wearing everything black and is sliding on an inflatable slide
339	None	A man is doing exercises.	A man doing exercises is being knocked over
340	Entailment	The big brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt	Big brown dog is running out in the dirt
341	Entailment	A dog, which is white, is standing in the fallen leaves.	A white dog is standing on top of fallen leaves.
342	None	A man is trailing before a climb	A panda is climbing
343	Entailment	A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.	A lady is mixing a mixture made of meat in a bowl.
344	Entailment	A boy is looking at a calendar	A boy is staring at a calendar
345	Entailment	A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage.	A woman is dancing in a cage.
346	None	A man is felling a tree with an ax.	A man is watering a tree
347	Entailment	A big cat is opening a drawer with its paws and jumping in.	A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
348	Entailment	A man and a woman are talking.	A man is talking to a woman
349	None	A bubble exploded, tinting the girl&#39;s shirt red	The girl in the red shirt is blowing a bubble
350	None	A woman is taking a can	A woman is cutting a tomato
351	None	A big dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth	A dog, which is large and gray, is dropping a ball from its mouth and stopping in the grass
352	None	A woman is being kissed by a man	Two people are arguing near a crowd
353	Entailment	People are walking on the road beside a waterfall which is beautiful	People are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
354	Entailment	Little boys are playing in a water fountain in front of many people	Young children are playing in a water fountain in front of several people.
355	None	A person in gloves is kicking a monkey&#39;s hand	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand
356	None	One dog is jumping high in the air and another is watching	One dog is catching a stick in the air and another is watching
357	Entailment	A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice	Someone is standing in a vast glacial ice field
358	None	The woman is thumbing a frog	There&#39;s no man holding a frog
359	Entailment	A boy is hitting a man with a plastic sword	A man is being hit by a child with a gun
360	Entailment	A man in a dyed purple shirt is looking at the man in the black shirt who is making a funny face	A man in a pose is being playfully assisted by another man
361	Entailment	A man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone and singing	The man in the suit is standing facing a microphone and singing
362	Entailment	Two white dogs are running and jumping along the beach	A pair of white dogs are running and jumping along a beach.
363	Entailment	A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water	A bird is flapping its wings in the water
364	None	A girl is looking surprised from a front window of a house in Asia	An Asian girl in front of a brick window looks surprised
365	Entailment	A blonde child is sliding down a slide and raising her arms	A blonde child is sliding down a slide and throwing his arms up
366	Entailment	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car
367	Entailment	A person is slicing a potato	A potato is being sliced by one person
368	None	The woman is not cutting a carrot	A woman is slicing an onion
369	Entailment	A boy in a bathing suit is sitting on top of a circular fountain.	A boy in a bathing suit is sitting in a circular fountain
370	None	There&#39;s no woman beating eggs	A woman is mixing eggs
371	None	A man is sitting near a bicycle and writing a note.	There&#39;s no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or sitting outside in a busy area writing something
372	Entailment	The man is slicing the potato	The person is slicing the potato
373	None	A girl with a black bag is in a crowded train	An Asian woman among many people is carrying a black bag
374	Entailment	A person is frying some food	A person is cooking some food
375	None	A woman is playing an electric guitar	A man is playing a guitar
376	None	The man is operating a shorthand machine	A man is fixing a shorthand machine
377	None	There are no couples running towards the ocean	A couple is running towards the ocean
378	None	A woman is peeling a potato	The man is slicing some potatoes
379	None	A girl is cutting butter in two pieces	Tofu is being sliced by a woman
380	None	A cowgirl is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel	A cowgirl is riding in a barrel near a horse at the corner
381	Entailment	Someone is standing in a vast glacial ice field	A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
382	None	The boy is riding on a tricycle	There are no women riding a watercraft
383	Entailment	A middle-aged man and woman are riding a bicycle along a road near the water.	A middle-aged man and woman are riding bicycles along a road beside the water.
384	None	A man is carrying a tree.	A man is picking a tree
385	None	A girl is not playing the guitar	The man is intensely playing the guitar
386	Entailment	A tanned child is looking at the camera	A tanned child is looking at the camera
387	Entailment	A young girl in a green shirt is walking on the sidewalk and holding a pink sign	A girl in a blue shirt, who looks young, is walking on the sidewalk and holding a pink sign
388	Entailment	A man is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag	A man is sitting on a boat facing the sunset near a flag
389	None	A woman is dipping a shrimp in the batter	There&#39;s no woman dipping a shrimp in the batter
390	None	Two people are fighting and the spectators are watching	Two people are fighting kickboxing and spectators are watching
391	None	A man is making a phone call.	A man is talking on the phone.
392	Entailment	The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window	The cat perched on the table is looking out the window
393	Entailment	A concentrated woman is playing the flute	A woman is playing the flute
394	Entailment	A man is preparing some dish	A man is preparing a plate
395	Entailment	A dog is jumping to catch a frisbee in the snow	The dog is jumping to catch a frisbee in the snow
396	Entailment	A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water	A duck with brown feathers and green head is flapping its wings in the water
397	None	A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl	Some ingredients are being separated into a bowl by one person.
398	Entailment	The woman is dancing	The lady is dancing
399	Entailment	A woman is cooking eggs	The woman is cooking something
400	Entailment	The girl is tapping her nails	A girl is tapping her nails
401	Entailment	A black dog and a white dog are fighting on the floor.	A black dog and a white dog are fighting each other on the floor.
402	Entailment	A lemon is being squeezed by a woman	A woman is squeezing a lemon
403	None	A man is leading the race	Some men are running in competitions abroad.
404	Entailment	The man is playing the piano in a fun way with his nose	The man is playing the piano with his nose
405	None	A person is sitting comfortably at a table.	A man is sitting comfortably at the table.
406	Entailment	A man is cutting a potato into pieces.	a man is cutting a potato
407	Entailment	A rope is being climbed by a man	A cable is being cast by a man
408	None	There&#39;s no man throwing the ball in a basketball game	The player is burying the basketball and a crowd is in the background
409	None	One person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered breads.	A man is sprinkling spice on several sliced and buttered breads.
410	None	A lion is tiredly walking anxiously in a cage.	There is no lion tiredly walking anxiously in a cage
411	None	A woman is cutting an onion	The woman is throwing onions outside
412	None	There is no person wearing a hat and sitting on the grass	A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass.
413	Entailment	A man in a big city is holding a sign and asking for money	A man in a big city is holding a sign and asking for money
414	Entailment	A woman is tapping her fingers on a table.	A woman is tapping her fingers
415	None	Three people are standing beside a tree branch	Two kids are hanging on a large branch
416	None	The person is slicing the potato	The man is slicing the potato
417	Entailment	A person is stopping playing a trumpet	A person is playing the trumpet
418	Entailment	A woman is dancing in a cage.	The lady is dancing
419	Entailment	A woman is slicing an onion	An onion is being sliced by a woman
420	Entailment	Three people are driving quad bikes in a field	Three people are driving ATVs
421	None	A person is riding a motorcycle	A person is chopping a red onion
422	Entailment	A dog, which has brown and white fur, is holding a baseball in its mouth.	A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
423	None	The cyclist is performing a trick in the air.	A cyclist is fearlessly doing a trick in the air.
424	Entailment	A boy is saying a word	A child is talking
425	Entailment	Two men are fighting their fists in a ring	Men are fighting their fists in a ring
426	Entailment	The woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl made of glass	A woman is breaking an egg in a bowl
427	None	Two men with bikes stand on the side of a snowy road	Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snow-covered road.
428	None	A teenage boy is talking to a girl with a webcam	A man is talking to a girl with an internet camera
429	None	The man is dancing frantically	Three women are dancing
430	Entailment	A person is burning some cameras with a blowtorch	Some cameras are being burned by a person with a blowtorch
431	None	A man is doing exercises.	A man is resting
432	Entailment	A baby tiger is playing with a ball	A tiger cub is playing with a ball
433	None	A dog is eating a doll	A child is playing with a dog toy
434	Entailment	Two dogs are playing on a beach	Two dogs are playing on the beach
435	None	There is no man riding a horse	A man is driving a car.
436	None	Runners are competing in a race.	Runners are not participating in the race
437	Entailment	A boy is playing slipping on the grass	A child is playing slipping on the grass
438	None	The small child is playing soccer and falling harmlessly on the grass	The soccer ball is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
439	None	A group is not catching the current in a boat	This group of people are practicing water rescue and wearing life jackets.
440	None	A woman wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle across a pedestrian bridge	A pedestrian is building pink bicycles for bicycle riders
441	None	A man and a woman are walking around the city together.	A man and a woman are walking through the woods together
442	Entailment	A white dog is standing in the leaves on the ground.	A white dog is standing on top of fallen leaves.
443	Entailment	A cute puppy is repeatedly rolling back and forth with its back on the floor.	A puppy is rolling back and forth repeatedly
444	Entailment	A man is standing on a sidewalk	The man is standing on the sidewalk
445	None	Some women are talking	Some women are not talking
446	Entailment	Man in cowboy hat is walking around the market and putting a hand in his pocket	The man in the cowboy hat is walking through a market and putting a hand in his pocket
447	None	The man is lowering bars	The man is lifting weights
448	None	A woman is wearing an Egyptian cap	The woman is not wearing glasses or a cap
449	None	A man is crying	A man is screaming
450	None	A woman is cooking an egg in a sautese	A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
451	Entailment	A woman is grabbing a can	A woman is taking a can
452	Entailment	The baby is crawling happily	A baby is crawling happily
453	None	There are no women riding a watercraft	The boy is riding on a tricycle
454	None	A squirrel is running in circles.	A runner is surrounding a squirrel
455	Entailment	A young lady in a bikini is lying on the beach	A young looking lady is lying on the beach
456	None	Young girl is blowing a bubble that is big	Young woman in red dyed shirt is blowing a bubble that is giant
457	None	The boss is carefully drying the oil from the frying pan	The boss is carefully pouring oil into a frying pan
458	Entailment	A watercraft is being ridden by a woman	A woman is riding on a watercraft
459	None	There&#39;s no woman preparing an egg in a sautese	A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
460	Entailment	A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue dyed coat	A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue jacket
461	Entailment	A boy is mowing the lawn	A guy is mowing the lawn
462	Entailment	A man is being curiously observed by a woman.	A woman is looking curiously at a man.
463	Entailment	Some people are sitting on the floor outside a monument.	The group of people are sitting on the floor outside a monument
464	None	A man and a woman are sitting	A man is walking in the rain.
465	None	A man is playing a wooden flute	The piano is being played by a man
466	Entailment	A man is playing the keyboard in a park	A person is playing the keyboard
467	None	The girl in the red shirt is blowing a bubble	The girl in a red-dyed shirt is not blowing a bubble
468	Entailment	Some cameras are being burned by a person with a blowtorch	A person is burning some cameras with a blowtorch
469	Entailment	A woman is sewing with a machine	A woman is using a sewing machine.
470	Entailment	A small boy is playing the guitar	A boy is playing a guitar
471	Entailment	The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is cycling in a parking lot	A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot.
472	None	A teenage boy is talking to a girl with an internet camera	A man is talking to a girl using an internet camera.
473	None	A woman is playing a guitar	There&#39;s no woman playing a guitar
474	Entailment	A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing buoys on their arms.	A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats.
475	None	Someone is nailing a camera lens with loud noises	The man is hammering a nail with a camera
476	None	A boy is playing a keyboard	A boy is sitting comfortably in a room and playing the piano near a lamp
477	Entailment	A man is walking in the rain	A man is walking in the rain.
478	Entailment	A woman wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle across a pedestrian bridge	A woman wearing a pink scarf is riding a bicycle across the built pedestrian bridge
479	Entailment	A woman is cutting meat	A woman is cutting some meat
480	None	A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for disabled people.	A boy in a red T-shirt stands in front of a long, blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera.
481	Entailment	One girl is jumping from a rock and another is standing on the rock	One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on the rock
482	None	There&#39;s no woman slicing a tomato	A woman is slicing a tomato
483	None	A man is pointing to a silver sedan	A lonely man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall
484	Entailment	The man is slicing bread	The bread is being sliced by a man
485	None	A man is not playing a guitar	A man is playing the keyboard
486	None	A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.	A dog, which is brown, and one that is black, are running in the grass.
487	None	A man is sitting near a bicycle and writing a note.	A seated man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint.
488	Entailment	Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue rug	Two kids are doing martial art on a blue rug
489	Entailment	The dough is being stretched by a man	A man is spreading dough
490	None	A man is cutting a potato	A woman is cutting a tomato
491	Entailment	The food in the trays is being eaten by the puppies	Kittens are eating food in trays
492	Entailment	The man is playing the flute	The person is playing the flute
493	None	Someone is being boiled with okra in a pan	Someone is boiling okra in a pan
494	None	Two sausages are playing with a red ball	Two brown dogs are playing a red ball and are playing in the grass
495	Entailment	Different teams are playing soccer on the field	Different soccer players are training in a field
496	None	A cat is playing keyboards	A cat is playing a piano comically
497	None	The woman is cracking eggs in a bowl	The lady is not breaking eggs in the bowl
498	Entailment	A man on roller skates is skating on a skate park built	A man on skates is skating on a skate park.
499	None	A sea turtle is looking for fish	The fish is following the turtle
500	None	A woman is emptying the water from a mug	A woman is collecting tap water in a mug
