Informatics or Information Technology is an indispensable component in organizations, as technological solutions automate processes and are a source of competitive advantages through the analysis of scenarios, support to the decision-making process and definition and implementation of new organizational strategies. Thus, there is a growing concern with the collection, storage, processing and transmission of information, precisely because the availability of the right information is a fundamental requirement for the continuous improvement of organizational quality and competitiveness, which implies considering the growing relevance of information systems based on computer. An information system can be technically defined as “a set of interrelated components that collects (or retrieves), processes, stores and distributes information designed to support an organization&#39;s decision making, coordination and control. In addition to supporting decision-making, coordination and control, information systems can also help managers and workers to analyze problems, visualize complex situations, and create new products. ”(LAUDON, 2004, p.7).
How can an information system be defined?
a set of interrelated components that collects (or retrieves), processes, stores and distributes information designed to support an organization&#39;s decision making, coordination and control. In addition to supporting decision-making, coordination and control, information systems can also assist managers and workers to analyze problems, visualize complex situations, and create new products
What do technological solutions automate?
Law Suit
Why is there a growing concern about collecting, storing, processing and transmitting information?
precisely because the availability of the right information is a fundamental requirement for the continuous improvement of organizational quality and competitiveness
because the availability of the right information is a fundamental requirement for the continuous improvement of organizational quality and competitiveness
What is an indispensable component in organizations?
Computing
Informatics or Information Technology
Information Technology
Systems analysis is the activity that aims to carry out process studies in order to find the best rational way for information to be processed. System analysts study the various systems that exist between hardware (equipment), software (programs) and the end user. Their behaviors and applications are developed from solutions that will be standardized and transcribed in the way that the computer can perform. The professionals in the area generate software (programs), which are executed on hardware (equipment) operated by users (individuals), prepared and trained in standardized operating procedures, endowed with knowledge of the software and hardware for their work. From then on, systems analysis is a profession whose responsibilities focus on system analysis and the administration of computer systems. This professional is part of the organization, implementation and maintenance of applications and computer networks, that is, the systems analyst is responsible for collecting information about a company in order to use it in the development of a system for the same or to survey a specific customer need to develop this specific program based on the information collected.
What do the systems analyst&#39;s responsibilities focus on?
system analysis and computer systems administration
What do professionals in the field generate?
programs
softwares
software (programs)
What is systems analysis?
the activity that aims to carry out process studies in order to find the best rational way for the information to be processed
Where are the software generated by professionals in the field executed?
hardwares
hardware (equipment)
Where is the information collected about a company used?
in developing a system for the same
in the development of a system for the same or for the survey of a specific customer need
in the development of a system for the same or for the survey of a specific customer need to develop this specific program based on the information collected
Who are the software generated by professionals in the field operated by?
individuals
operated by users (individuals)
users
Who is responsible for collecting information about a company?
systems analyst
The professional usually has knowledge acquired in colleges of Information Systems, Internet Systems, Computer Science, Systems Analysis, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Data Processing, Informatics, Degree in Computing or other similar courses, but the absence restrictions on the exercise of the position allows trained professionals from other areas or even those without higher education to fulfill this role in companies. As is an emphasis, the focus and core of work is focused on the software development process, taking into account the technological area in which it will assist. The systems analyst must serve as a translator between the user&#39;s needs and the program to be developed by the programmer. For this, you must have comprehensive knowledge of the business area in which the system will be developed, so that you can correctly implement the business rules.
What allows professionals who do not have a higher education to buy the role of systems analyst?
absence of restrictions for the exercise of the position
What should the systems analyst be for?
translator between the user&#39;s needs and the program to be developed by the programmer
Why should the systems analyst translate the user&#39;s need?
so that you can correctly implement business rules
Who develops the program translated from the user&#39;s need by the systems analyst?
programmer
The technologist in systems analysis and development is a professional with a higher education degree graduated in a Higher Technology Course. This type of graduation aims to train professionals to attend specific fields of the labor market. Its format, therefore, is more compact, with an average duration shorter than that of traditional undergraduate courses. Being a higher level professional, technologists can continue their studies by attending the post-graduate studies Stricto sensu (Master and Doctorate) and Lato sensu (Specialization). The current designation of the profession was established by Decree 2208 of April 17, 1997. Systems analysis is the activity that aims to carry out process studies in order to find the best and most rational way for information to be processed. In Brazil, the Regional Council of Administration (CRA), according to the regulations of the Federal Council of Administration (CFA), issue the professional card of Systems Analysts who have completed the university course with an emphasis on Systems Analysis.
What should a professional in systems analysis and development be trained for?
Higher Technology Course
graduated in a Higher Technology Course
What does a higher education in systems analysis and development aim at?
train professionals to meet specific fields of the labor market
Who was designated the technologist profession in systems analysis and development?
Decree 2208 of April 17, 1997
hair Decree 2208 of April 17, 1997
What should be the emphasis of the university course for systems analysts?
Systems Analysis
Who issues the professional portfolio of systems analysts?
AVE
Regional Board of Directors
Regional Council of Administration (CRA)
Information systems are spread across all organizational structures, making them an essential tool for any business activity. Such comprehensiveness increases the demand for professionals with knowledge to develop, implement and manage systems that act in support of operational activities and provide information to assist management and strategic decisions for the organization. Looking at this scenario, the Higher Technology Course in Analysis and Systems Development presents itself as an excellent professional training alternative, meeting a rapidly expanding job market and lacking professionals with solid technical and academic training, both in the initiative in the industrial, commercial and service sectors - and in public bodies. The Systems Analysis and Development Technologist must be able to analyze, design, implement, test, deploy, evaluate, maintain and manage information systems for organizations, with quality and in compliance with the usability and security recommendations. The professional will also be able to start his own business of development and consultancy in information systems, as well as to continue his studies in postgraduate courses (master&#39;s or doctorate).
What increases the demand for professionals with knowledge to develop systems?
Such scope
Where should information systems professionals work?
support for operational activities
Where are the information systems spread?
Information systems are spread across all organizational structures
organizational structures
across all organizational structures
Which tool is essential in any business activity?
Information systems
information systems
Complementary extension activities seek to work more with the student&#39;s social relationship and practical experience. A workshop, volunteer work or even a seminar are examples of outreach activities. The most famous and sought after among the options is the internship. This is because it is a way to combine the useful with the pleasant. After all, most companies do not request professional experience at the time of hiring and nothing better than getting credits for college and learning a little in practice at the same time. However, in many courses, the internship is not a free complementary activity, that is, it is a requirement of the course. By law, undergraduate students, for example, are required to complete 400 hours of supervised internship from the middle of the course. Thus, the student ends up having to choose other options of complementary activities to complete the required workload.
Why is the internship the most sought after form of complementary extension activity options?
because it is a way to combine the useful with the pleasant
What are some examples of extension activities?
A workshop, volunteer work or even a seminar
workshop, volunteer work or even a seminar
What is the most famous option of complementary extension activity?
internship
the internship
What is the purpose of complementary extension activities?
Complementary extension activities seek to work more with the student&#39;s social relationship and practical experience
seek to work more with the student&#39;s social relationship and practical experience
work more with the student&#39;s social relationship and practical experience
How many hours of complementary activity do undergraduate students need to complete?
400
400 hours
need to do 400 hours of supervised internship starting halfway through the course
The requirements for the number of hours of mandatory and optional complementary activities that you must perform may vary from course to course, or even from institution to institution. By law, they cannot exceed 20% of the total course time. However, there is no general definition for them. There are several advantages in carrying out complementary activities. The main one is to encourage the student to know other things outside the academic teaching environment. In other words, it is going beyond the traditional didactic experience and often putting what has been learned into practice.
What does it mean to know other things outside the academic teaching environment?
go beyond the traditional didactic experience
go beyond traditional didactic experience and often put what has been learned into practice
What is the main advantage of complementary activities?
encourage the student to know other things outside the academic teaching environment
What is the maximum number of hours of complementary activities that a course can have?
20%
20% of the total course time
From an educational point of view, all stages that make up a course have a didactic objective behind that choice. When a teacher chooses to evaluate his subject through seminars and not tests, it means that he believes that a seminar is the best way to encourage the student to absorb that specific content, and that the test would not be an effective method. In the case of complementary activities, it is no different. As the name says, these are activities that are not part of the curriculum, with the aim of adding experiences to the student&#39;s education that are not provided by the course itself. Taking into account the flexibility that the student has during the week outside of class hours, the purpose of a complementary activity is to contribute to the social and professional growth of the student.
What do complementary activities contribute to?
for the social and professional growth of the student
What are complementary activities about?
activities that are not part of the curriculum
What do the steps that put together a course have?
didactic objective
didactic objective behind that choice
What does it mean when a teacher chooses to evaluate his subject through seminars instead of tests?
that he believes that a seminar is the best way to encourage the student to absorb that specific content
that he believes that a seminar is the best way to encourage the student to absorb that specific content, and that proof would not be an effective method
What is the purpose of complementary activities?
add experiences to student training
add experiences to student education that are not provided by the course itself
objective of adding experiences to student education that are not provided by the course itself
The calculation of complementary activities is very simple. At most universities, each credit is equivalent to 15 hours. So, if your college requires 30 credits, that means that you will have to do 450 hours of extra-curricular activities. Sometimes they can be distributed at your discretion, in the way you choose best. In certain courses, there are some quotas that must be allocated to specific activities, such as the internship. The bureaucratic part is a detail to be aware of. It is no use just going to a lecture, taking a course or deciding to do an internship. It is necessary to present the participation form, made available by your collegiate body, signed by the speaker; the certification offered by the institution where you took the course; and the signed contract, forming a link between the company, faculty and student. There are several forms of activities considered complementary by the faculty. Lectures are an interesting way to get credits for the course. Go to congresses, participate in workshops, academic events, attend a doctoral thesis, professional courses ... Each of these options can be chosen to fill the workload.
What should the internship fees be allocated to?
specific activities
What do I need to present to prove participation in an event?
participation form,
the participation form
It is necessary to present the participation form
Who should the participation form be signed by?
speaker
by the speaker
What are some options to fill hours?
Go to congresses, participate in workshops, academic events, attend a doctoral thesis, professional courses
What is the value of a credit at most universities?
15 hours
At most universities, each credit is equivalent to 15 hours
How many hours of extra-curricular activities should be performed if the college requires 30 credits?
450
450 hours
As much as college, in many cases, is mostly theoretical, experimenting is also learning. When we get to college, the format is not very different from what we know. One teacher for 30/40 students (there are rooms with many more students), a fixed timetable, a fixed location and an expository class. Although there are basic differences between high school and college, such as greater autonomy and freedom, the routine and methodology presented is already something we are used to. Looking for new experiences goes beyond the format itself. Observing the didactic structure and the ways that the differential that the company offers in its courses, be it the materials or the methodology, can contribute to professional growth is something very important. An interesting example is the self-learning methodology, which is different from the supervised method we are used to. According to the proposal, the student is responsible for the knowledge he acquires through the study of the available material, without the accompaniment of a teacher. Based on an instruction guide built by a pedagogical team, which selects the material that the student needs to study in order to better understand a certain topic, the self-learning methodology provides a new angle when it comes to different ways of acquiring knowledge.
How can the student acquire knowledge without the support of a teacher?
From an instruction guide built by an educational team
What does the self-learning methodology provide the student?
self-learning methodology provides a new angle
provides a new angle
a new angle
What is the idea of the self-learning methodology?
the student is responsible for the knowledge he acquires through the study of the material made available
the student is responsible for the knowledge he acquires through the study of the available material, without the accompaniment of a teacher
What is a similarity between high school and college?
the routine and methodology
routine and methodology
When we take a course, we learn in theory several methodologies, systems of analysis, and other means to guide a study. This is extremely important because, as professionals, we face all the time with doubts and questions that we do not know how to solve. Understanding different forms of research helps us to search for answers more precisely in order to achieve our goals. Some colleges accept scientific initiation or academic research as complementary activities. Which makes them a good option, as it is interesting to put your scientific side into practice, without the pressure of having to impress the professor to get a good grade for that subject. However, it does not deviate much from the academic environment, making the gain of new experiences limited for students.
Understanding different forms of research helps us with what?
Understanding different forms of research helps us to search for answers more precisely
search for answers more precisely
search for answers more precisely
What did we learn theoretically in a course?
various methodologies, analysis systems, and other means of guiding a study
Why is learning different methodologies, systems and analysis and other means of guiding a study so important?
because, as professionals, we face all the time with doubts and questions that we don&#39;t know how to solve
Complementary activities to fill the hours requested by the educational institution of your course is much more than an obligation. It goes beyond those boring hours that you have to do anyway just to graduate. It is a way of encouraging the student to find quality content, and to know a didactic point of view different from what he is used to and to leave his comfort zone.
How do the complementary activities encourage the student?
find quality content
find quality content, and get to know a didactic point of view different from what he is used to and leaving his comfort zone
What do students do complementary activities for?
to fill the workload
to fill the hours requested by the educational institution of your course
Taking an undergraduate course is a very enriching experience. In fact, both professionally and personally, every study opportunity provides knowledge and experience to advance your career, in addition to working on a person&#39;s responsibility, commitment and social skills. Undergraduate courses make up higher education, and are part of a modality that, according to the law, has to be supervised and regulated by the MEC (Ministry of Education and Culture). But because they are supervised, does it mean that undergraduate courses are the best among all different types of courses? Definitely not.
Which courses is higher education composed of?
undergraduate courses
What does the study opportunity provide to a person?
knowledge and experience
knowledge and experience to advance your career, in addition to working on a person&#39;s responsibility, commitment and social skills
What is the reason for taking a degree course?
it&#39;s a very enriching experience
Who oversees higher education?
GUY
MEC (Ministry of Education and Culture)
Ministry of Education and Culture
It&#39;s basically like choosing fruits at the supermarket. Some have more water, others more sugar, or iron. And sometimes, because you want to make orange juice, you end up opting for it. This is not to say that strawberry is bad or unhealthy. It just means that these are different experiences. In 2016, ENEM (National High School Exam), the main entrance exam for courses at national federal universities, registered 9.2 million applicants, a very considerable number. This is because there is this social myth that the faculties, mainly the face-to-face and federal ones, are an unquestionable need in the professional environment, and that in some way they make it possible to guarantee the future. And in reality, that&#39;s not how it works. Of course, like any teaching opportunity, graduation provides job and salary improvements. However, higher education is not the only option.
In what year did ENEM register 9.2 million writings?
2016
Why in 2019 did ENEM register a very considerable number of subscribers?
because there is this social myth that faculties, mainly face-to-face and federal, are an unquestionable need in the professional environment
because there is this social myth that the faculties, mainly the face-to-face and federal ones, are an unquestionable need in the professional environment, and that in some way they make it possible to guarantee the future
What opportunities does graduation provide?
graduation provides job and salary improvements
job and salary
job and salary improvements
The first known tool for computing was the abacus, whose invention is attributed to inhabitants of Mesopotamia, around 2700–2300 BC. Its original use was to draw lines in the sand with rocks. More modern versions of the abacus are still used as a calculation tool. In the 7th century BC, in ancient India, the grammarian Pānini formulated Sanskrit grammar using 3959 rules known as Ashtadhyāyi, in a very systematic and technical way. Pānini used transformations and recursion with such sophistication that his grammar possessed theoretical computational power just like the Turing Machine. Between 200 BC and 400, Indians also invented the logarithm, and from the 13th century on, logarithmic tables were produced by Islamic mathematicians. When John Napier discovered logarithms for computational use in the 16th century, there was a period of considerable progress in the construction of calculation tools.
Who is responsible for the abacus invention?
to inhabitants of Mesopotamia
Mesopotamian inhabitants
How are the most modern versions of the abacus used?
More modern versions of the abacus are still used as a calculation tool
as a calculation tool
are used as a calculation tool
By whom were the logarithmic tables produced?
were produced by Islamic mathematicians
by Islamic mathematicians
What was the original use of the abacus?
draw lines in the sand with rocks
What was the first known tool for computing?
abacus
How many rules did Pānini use to formulate Sanskrit grammar?
3959
Who invented the logarithm?
indians
the Indians
Before the 1920s, computer was a term associated with people who performed calculations, usually led by physicists. Thousands of computers were used in projects in commerce, government and research sites. After the 1920s, the term computational machine began to be used to refer to any machine that performs the work of a professional, especially those according to the methods of the Church-Turing Thesis. The term computational machine ended up losing space to the reduced term computer in the late 1940s, with digital machines becoming more widespread. Alan Turing, known as the father of Computer Science, invented the Turing Machine, which later evolved into the modern computer.
The term computational machine referred to what?
any machine that does the job of a professional
any machine that performs the work of a professional, especially those according to the methods of the Church-Turing Thesis
Who was the term computer associated with?
computer was a term associated with people who performed calculations
it was a term associated with people who performed calculations
people who performed calculations
How is Alan Turing known?
as father of Computer Science
known as the father of computer science
father of computer science
What were computers used for before the 1920s?
projects in commerce, government and research sites
When did the term computational machine lose space for the term computer?
1940
1940s
in the late 1940s
Despite its small history as an academic discipline, Computer Science has given rise to several fundamental contributions to science and society. This science was responsible for the formal definition of computation and computability, and for the proof of the existence of computationally insoluble or intractable problems. It was also possible to build and formalize the concept of computer language, especially programming language, a tool for the accurate expression of methodological information flexible enough to be represented at different levels of abstraction. For other scientific fields and for society in general, Computer Science provided support for the Digital Revolution, giving rise to the Information Age. Scientific computing is an area of computing that allows the advancement of studies such as the mapping of the human genome.
What has computer science contributed to?
Computer Science has given rise to several fundamental contributions to science and society
for science and for society
What originated the information age?
Digital Revolution
What is a programming language?
a tool for accurate expression of methodological information
a tool for accurate expression of methodological information flexible enough to be represented at various levels of abstraction
Who supported the digital revolution?
Computer Science
Despite the name, much of Computer Science does not involve studying computers on their own. In fact, the well-known computer scientist Edsger Dijkstra is considered the author of the phrase &quot;Computer Science has as much to do with the computer as astronomy with the telescope [...]&quot;. The design and development of computers and computer systems are generally considered to be disciplines outside the context of Computer Science. For example, the study of hardware is generally considered to be part of computer engineering, while the study of commercial computer systems is generally part of information technology or information systems.
Which area is the study of commercial computer systems part of?
information technology or information systems
part of information technology or information systems
information technology or information systems
Which disciplines are outside the context of computer science?
The design and development of computers and computational systems
design and development of computers and computational systems
What engineering is the hardware study part of?
computer engineering
Who is considered the author of the phrase &quot;Computer Science has as much to do with the computer as astronomy with the telescope [...]&quot;?
Edsger Dijkstra
Until the 1930s, electrical engineers could build electronic circuits to solve logical and mathematical problems, but most did so without any process, in particular, without theoretical rigor to do so. This changed with Claude Shannon&#39;s 1937 master&#39;s thesis, A Symbolic Analysis of Relay and Switching Circuits. While taking Philosophy classes, Shannon was exposed to the work of George Boole, and realized that he could apply this learning to electro-mechanical assemblies to solve problems. Shannon developed information theory in the 1948 article: A Mathematical Theory of Communication, whose content serves as a foundation for areas such as data compression and encryption.
What did Claude Shannon develop in the article A Mathematical Theory of Communication?
information theory
What did Claude Shannon realize when exposed to George Boole&#39;s work?
that could apply this learning to electro-mechanical assemblies to solve problems
What electrical engineers build electronic circuits for?
to solve logical and mathematical problems
Which areas are based on the content of information theory?
data compression and encryption
Computer science is the science that studies techniques, methodologies and computational instruments, which automates processes and develops solutions based on the use of digital processing. It is not restricted to the study of algorithms, their applications and implementation in the form of software, extrapolating to any and all knowledge based on the computer, which also involves telecommunication, the database and the technological applications that make it possible to achieve the processing of data from entry and exit, so that it becomes information. Thus, Computer Science also encompasses data modeling techniques and communication protocols, in addition to principles that cover other specializations in the area.
What is computer science?
Computer science is the science that studies techniques, methodologies and computational instruments, that automates processes and develops solutions based on the use of digital processing
the science that studies the techniques, methodologies and computational instruments, that automates processes and develops solutions based on the use of digital processing
What studies besides algorithms does computer science involve?
telecommunication, database and technological applications
In general, computer scientists study the theoretical foundations of computing, from which other fields derive, such as the aforementioned areas of research. As the name implies, Computer Science is pure science, not applied. However, professionals in this area can follow more practical applications of their knowledge, working in areas such as software development, telecommunications, consulting, systems analysis, IT security, IT governance, business analysis and information technology. The computing professional needs to be very determined in the technological apprehension, since this area undergoes continuous transformations, quickly changing paradigms.
What does the field of computer science suffer?
continuous transformations
What does the computer professional need to have?
much determination in technological apprehension
What do computer scientists study?
In general, computer scientists study the theoretical foundations of computing
computer scientists study the theoretical foundations of computing
the theoretical foundations of computing
What is quickly modified with the continuous transformations suffered by the computing area?
paradigms
As a science, it is classified as an exact science, despite inheriting elements of Aristotelian philosophical logic, thus having an important role in the mathematical formalization of algorithms, as a way of representing decidable problems, ie, those that are susceptible to reduction to basic elementary operations , capable of being reproduced through any mechanical / electronic device capable of storing and manipulating data. One of these devices is the digital computer, in widespread use, today. Also of fundamental importance for the Computer Science area are the methodologies and techniques related to the implementation of software that address the specification, modeling, coding, testing and evaluation of software systems.
How is computer science classified as a science?
exact science
What do the methodologies and techniques related to software implementation address?
specification, modeling, coding, testing and evaluation of software systems
It was with Charles Babbage that the modern computer began to take shape, through his work in the analytical engine. The equipment originally described in 1837, more than a century before its successor, was never successfully built, but it had all the functions of a modern computer. Babbage&#39;s device distinguished itself by being programmable, something essential for any modern computer. During her collaboration, mathematician Ada Lovelace published the first computer programs in a series of notes for the analytical engine. For this reason, Lovelace is popularly considered as the first programmer.
With whom did the modern computer begin to take shape?
Charles Babbage
Why was Babbage&#39;s device different from other devices?
for being programmable
for being programmable, something essential for any modern computer
When was the computer originally described?
1837
The equipment originally described in 1837
originally in 1837
Who is considered the first programmer?
There is Lovelace
In the 7th century, the Indian mathematician Brahmagupta first explained the Hindu-Arabic numbering system and the use of 0. Approximately in 825, the Persian mathematician al-Khwarizmi wrote the book Calculating with Hindu numerals, responsible for the diffusion of the numbering system Hindu-Arabic in the Middle East, and later in Europe. Around the 12th century there was a translation of the same book into Latin: Algoritmi de numero Indorum. Such books presented new concepts to define sequences of steps to complete tasks, such as applications of arithmetic and algebra. By derivation of the mathematician&#39;s name, the term algorithm is currently used.
What is the term used to define sequences of steps to complete a task?
algorithm
When was the book Calculating with Hindu numerals translated into Latin?
Around the 12th century
Who was the first to explain the Hindu-Arabic numbering system?
Brahmagupta
the Indian mathematician Brahmagupta
Who was the first to explain the use of 0?
Brahmagupta
the Indian mathematician Brahmagupta
Who was responsible for spreading the Hindu-Arabic numbering system in the Middle East?
al-Khwarizmi
or Persian mathematician al-Khwarizmi
Studies from Computer Science can be applied in any area of human knowledge where it is possible to define methods of solving problems based on previously observed repetitions. Recent advances in Computer Science have strongly impacted contemporary society, in particular the applications related to the areas of computer networks, Internet, Web and mobile computing that have been used by billions of people around the globe.
How has recent advances in computer science impacted?
contemporary society
Computer science studies can be applied in which areas?
any area
any area of human knowledge
any area of human knowledge where it is possible to define problem solving methods based on previously observed repetitions
What areas have impacted contemporary society the most?
computer networks, Internet, Web and mobile computing
The mathematical foundations of modern Computer Science began to be defined by Kurt Gödel with his incompleteness theorem (1931). This theory shows that there are limits to what can be proven or disapproved in a formal system; this led to further work by Gödel and other theorists to define and describe such formal systems, including concepts such as recursion and lambda calculus. In 1936 Alan Turing and Alonzo Church independently, and also together, introduced the formalization of an algorithm, defining the limits of what can be a computer and a purely mechanical model for computing. Such topics are addressed in what is currently called the Church-Turing Thesis, a hypothesis about the nature of mechanical calculating devices. This thesis defines that any possible calculation can be performed by an algorithm running on a computer, as long as there is enough time and storage for that.
What must there be for a calculation to be performed by an algorithm running on a computer?
time and storage
enough time and storage for that
What does the Church-Turing Thesis say?
This thesis defines that any possible calculation can be performed by an algorithm running on a computer
that any possible calculation can be performed by an algorithm running on a computer
What was defined by the formalization of an algorithm by Alan Turing and Alonzo Church?
limits of what can be a computer and a purely mechanical model for computing
the limits of what can be a computer and a purely mechanical model for computing
What does the incompleteness theorem show?
This theory shows that there are limits to what can be proven or disapproved in a formal system
that there are limits to what can be proven or disapproved in a formal system
Which theorem led to the definition of concepts such as recursion and lambda calculus?
incompleteness theorem
As it is a recent discipline, there are several alternative definitions for Computer Science. It can be seen as a form of science, a form of mathematics or a new discipline that cannot be categorized according to current models. Several people who study Computer Science do so to become programmers, leading some to believe that their study is about software and programming. Despite this, most computer scientists are interested in innovation or in theoretical aspects that go far beyond just programming, more related to computability.
What are the innovations and theoretical aspects of computing related to?
with computability
computabilidade
What are most computer scientists interested in?
most computer scientists are interested in innovation or theoretical aspects
innovation or theoretical aspects
in innovation or in theoretical aspects
What do several people study computer science for?
Several people who study Computer Science do so to become programmers
to become programmers
Why are there several alternative definitions for computer science?
Because it is a recent discipline
Because it is a recent discipline, there are several alternative definitions for Computer Science
Sometimes Computer Science is also criticized for not being scientific enough, as stated in the phrase &quot;Science is for Computer Science just as hydrodynamics is for pipeline construction&quot;, credits Stan Kelly-Bootle. Despite this, his study often crosses other fields of research, such as artificial, physical and linguistic intelligence. She is considered by some to have a great relationship with mathematics, greater than in other disciplines. This is evidenced by the fact that the first works in the area were strongly influenced by mathematicians like Kurt Gödel and Alan Turing; the field remains useful for the exchange of information with areas such as mathematical logic, category theory and algebra. Despite this, unlike mathematics, Computer Science is considered a more experimental than theoretical discipline.
Who is credited with the phrase &quot;Science is for Computer Science just as Hydrodynamics is for pipeline construction&quot;?
Stan Kelly-Bootle
What is computer science considered to be more than theoretical?
experimental
Why is computer science criticized?
for not being scientific enough
for not being scientific enough, as stated in the phrase &quot;Science is for Computer Science just as Hydrodynamics is for pipeline construction&quot;
Around the 3rd century BC, the Indian mathematician Pingala invented the binary numbering system. Still used today in the processing of all modern computers, the system establishes that specific sequences of ones and zeros can represent any information. In 1703 Gottfried Leibniz developed logic in a formal and mathematical sense, using the binary system. In your system, ones and zeros also represent concepts such as true and false, on and off, valid and invalid. More than a century later, George Boole published Boolean algebra (in 1854), with a complete system that allowed the construction of mathematical models for computational processing. In 1801, the loom controlled by perforated cardboard appeared, invented by Joseph Marie Jacquard, in which holes indicated ones and, unpunched areas, indicated zeros. The system is far from a computer, but it illustrated that machines could be controlled by the binary system.
What is the binary numbering system used for?
Still used today in the processing of all modern computers
in processing all modern computers
currently used in the processing of all modern computers
What was illustrated by the loom controlled by perforated cardboard?
illustrated that machines could be controlled by the binary system
that machines could be controlled by the binary system
What did the untapped areas indicate on the loom controlled by perforated cardboard?
the zeros
zeros
What information can be represented by ones and zeros?
any information
When was Boolean Algebra Published?
1854
in 1854
Who invented the binary numbering system?
Pingala
Indian Pingala
the Indian mathematician Pingala
Turing also included in the thesis a description of the Turing Machine, which has a tape of infinite size and a head for reading and writing that moves across the tape. Due to its infinite character, such a machine cannot be built, but such a model can simulate the computation of any algorithm run on a modern computer. Turing is very important for computer science, so much so that his name is used for the Turing Prize and the Turing test. He contributed to Britain&#39;s breach of Germany&#39;s code in World War II, and continued to design computers and computer programs through the 1940s; committed suicide in 1954
What is the name of Turing used for?
Turing Prize and the Turing test
for the Turing Prize and the Turing test
his name is used for the Turing Prize and the Turing test
Why can&#39;t a machine with an infinite size ribbon be built?
Due to its infinite character
When did Turing commit suicide?
1954
What did Turing contribute?
He contributed to Britain&#39;s breach of Germany&#39;s code in World War II
contributed to Britain&#39;s breach of Germany&#39;s code in World War II
breach of Germany&#39;s code by Britain in World War II
Several alternatives for the name of the discipline have already been considered. In French it is called informatique, in German Informatik, in Spanish informatics, in Dutch, Italian and Romanian informatics, in Polish informatyka, in Russian информатика and in Greek Πληροφορική. In spite of this, both in English and in Portuguese computing is not directly a synonym for Computer Science; the term is used to define the study of artificial and natural systems that store processes and communicate information, and refers to a set of information sciences that encompasses computer science. In Portugal, however, despite the word being dictionary with this broad meaning, the term is used as a synonym for Computer Science.
How is computer science called in French?
computer science
Is the term informatics synonymous with that in Portugal?
Computer science
What is the term IT used for in English and Portuguese?
to define the study of artificial and natural systems that store processes and communicate information
Memory is a device that allows the computer to store data for a certain time. Currently the term is generally used to define volatile memories, such as RAM, but its primary concept also addresses non-volatile memories, such as the hard drive. Part of the computer&#39;s memory is made in the processor itself; the rest is diluted in components such as RAM, cache memory, hard disk and removable media players, such as floppy, CD and DVD. In modern computers, each memory location is configured to store groups of eight bits (called a byte). Each byte can represent 256 different numbers; from 0 to 255 or from -128 to +127. To store larger numbers, you can use several consecutive bytes (usually two, four or eight). When negative numbers are stored, the complement notation for two is used. Computer memory is normally divided between primary and secondary, with researchers also claiming to have &quot;tertiary&quot; memory
How can we store larger numbers in memory?
you can use several bytes in a row
you can use several consecutive bytes (usually two, four or eight)
How is the computer&#39;s memory divided?
between primary and secondary
between primary and secondary, and there are also researchers who claim to have &quot;tertiary&quot; memory
Where is part of the computer&#39;s memory made up?
in the processed itself
on the processor itself
What numbers does a byte represent?
from 0 to 255 or from -128 to +127
What is the use of memory?
store data
store data for a certain time
How many bits do the memory locations on modern computers store?
eight
How many bytes in a row are generally used to store larger numbers?
two, four or eight
How many numbers does a byte represent?
256
256 different numbers
Each byte manages to represent 256 different numbers
The origin of the idea of programming a machine comes from the need for the weaving machines to produce different color patterns. Thus, in the 18th century, a way of representing patterns on perforated paper cards was created, which were hand-treated. In 1801, Joseph Marie Jacquard (1752-1834) invents a mechanical loom, with an automatic card reader. Jacquard&#39;s idea crossed the English Channel, where he inspired Charles Babbage (1792-1871), a mathematics professor from Cambridge, to develop a “weaving number” machine, a calculating machine where the way of calculating could be controlled by cards. It all started with the attempt to develop a machine capable of calculating polynomials through differences, the differential calculator. While designing his differential calculator, Jacquard&#39;s idea made Babbage imagine a new and more complex machine, the analytical calculator, a machine with some elements that refer to today&#39;s computers.
How was the Babbage number weaving machine controlled?
by cards
What was the analytical calculator?
machine with some elements that refer to current computers
What inspired Babbage to develop the number-weaving machine?
The Jacquard idea
What is the name given to the machine that calculates polynomials through differences?
differential calculator
Who invented the mechanical loom?
Joseph Marie Jacquard
The main feature of modern computers, what distinguishes it from other machines, is that it can be programmed. This means that a list of instructions can be stored in memory and run later. The instructions executed at the ULA discussed above are not a rich set of instructions like human language. The computer has only a limited number of well-defined instructions. A typical example of an instruction on most computers is &quot;copy the contents of memory location 123 to memory location 456&quot;, &quot;add the contents of memory location 510 to the contents of position 511 and place the result in position 507 &quot;e&quot; if the content of position 012 is equal to 0, the next instruction is in position 678 &quot;.
What distinguishes the computer from other machines?
The main feature of modern computers, what distinguishes it from other machines, is that it can be programmed
can be programmed
is that it can be programmed
What is the main feature of computers today?
The main feature of modern computers, what distinguishes it from other machines, is that it can be programmed
can be programmed
The control unit is the processor unit that stores the memory position that contains the current instruction that the computer is executing, telling the ALU which operation to perform, seeking the information (from memory) that the ALU needs to execute it and transferring the result back to the appropriate memory location. Once this is done, the control unit moves to the next instruction (typically located in the next memory location, unless the instruction is a branch instruction stating that the next instruction is in another position). The CPU also contains a restricted set of memory cells called registers, which can be read and written much faster than on other memory devices. They are often used to prevent continuous access to main memory each time data is requested.
What is the CPU memory called?
calls recorders
registrars
What does the control unit report to the ALU?
which operation to perform
What is stored in the control unit?
the memory location containing the current instruction the computer is executing
Where does the control unit look for the information that the ALU needs?
from memory
Where is the next instruction usually located?
in the next memory location
next memory location
typically located in the next memory location
What are registrars for?
prevent continuous access to main memory
avoid continuous access to main memory each time data is requested
Computer is a machine capable of various types of automatic information processing or data processing. A computer can have numerous attributes, including data storage, data processing, large-scale calculation, industrial design, graphic image processing, virtual reality, entertainment and culture. In the past, the term has been applied to people responsible for some calculation. In general, a computer is understood to mean a physical system that performs some type of computation. There is also the rigorous mathematical concept, used in computer theory. It was assumed that personal computers and laptops are icons of the Information Age; and this is what many people consider &quot;computer&quot;. However, currently the most common forms of computer in use are embedded systems, small devices used to control other devices, such as robots, digital cameras or toys.
To whom was the term computer applied?
to people responsible for some calculation
responsible people
people responsible for some calculation
What is a computer?
a machine capable of various types of automatic information processing or data processing
What are the embedded systems for?
to control other devices
to control other devices, such as robots, digital cameras or toys
What are the most common forms of computer in use?
the most common forms of computer in use are embedded systems
currently the most common forms of computer in use are embedded systems
on-board systems
What types of devices do embedded systems control?
robots, digital cameras or toys
Who are the icons of the information age?
personal computers and laptops
personal computers and laptops
personal computers and laptops are icons of the Information Age
Today, many computers appear to run multiple programs at the same time, which is commonly known as multitasking. In reality, the CPU executes a program&#39;s instructions for a short period of time and then switches to another program and executes some of its instructions. This creates the illusion of multiple programs running simultaneously by sharing CPU time between programs. This time sharing is normally controlled by the operating system. In cases where the computer has two processing cores, each core processes information from a program, thereby reducing processing time.
How does the CPU execute a program&#39;s instructions?
the CPU executes one program&#39;s instructions for a short period of time and then switches to another program and executes some of its instructions
executes one program&#39;s instructions for a short period of time, then switches to another program and executes some of its instructions
for a short period of time and then switch to another program and execute some of its instructions
What does CPU time sharing generate?
This creates the illusion of several programs running simultaneously
the illusion of multiple programs running simultaneously
programs running simultaneously
Instructions are represented on the computer as numbers - the code to &quot;copy&quot; could be 007, for example. The particular set of instructions that a computer has is known as the computer&#39;s machine language. In practice, people do not write instructions directly in the machine language but in a programming language, which is later translated into the machine language through special programs, such as interpreters and compilers. Some programming languages are very close to machine language, such as assembly (low level language); on the other hand, languages like Prolog are based on abstract principles and are far removed from the details of the machine&#39;s operation (high-level languages). Executing instructions is like reading a book. Although the person usually reads each word and line in sequence, it is possible that sometimes he goes back to previous points in the text of interest or passes uninteresting sessions. Likewise, a computer that follows von Neumann&#39;s architecture executes each instruction sequentially, as they were stored in memory. But, through special instructions, the computer can repeat instructions or advance them until some condition is met. This is called flow control and is what allows the computer to perform tasks repeatedly without human intervention.
How is the programming language translated into machine language?
through special programs
through special programs, such as interpreters and compilers
How are instructions represented on the computer?
as numbers
What is the prolog based on?
abstract principles
What is machine language?
The particular set of instructions that a computer has
The particular set of instructions that a computer has is known as the computer&#39;s machine language
particular set of instructions that a computer has
Which programming language is similar to the machine language?
assembly
John Napier (1550-1617), Scottish inventor of logarithms, also invented Napier&#39;s bones, which were multiplication tables engraved on a stick, which avoided memorizing the multiplication tables. The first real machine was built by Wilhelm Schickard being able to add, subtract, multiply and divide. This machine was lost during the Thirty Years&#39; War, and some documentation about it has recently been found. For many years nothing was known about this machine, so it was attributed to Blaise Pascal (1623-1662) the construction of the first calculating machine, which did only sums and subtractions. The Pascal machine was created to help his father compute taxes in Rouen, France. Pascal&#39;s project was greatly improved by the German mathematician Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz (1646-1726), who also invented calculus, who dreamed that, one day in the future, all reasoning could be replaced by turning a simple lever. All of these machines, however, were far from being a general-purpose computer, as they were not programmable. This means that the entry was made up of numbers only, but not instructions on what to do with the numbers.
How were John Napier&#39;s multiplication tables recorded?
stick
What operations was the machine built by Wilhelm Schickard capable of?
add, subtract, multiply and divide
What was the purpose of the paschal machine?
The Pascal machine was created to help his father compute taxes in Rouen, France
help your father compute taxes in Rouen
What was Gottfried&#39;s dream?
all reasoning could be replaced by turning a simple lever
When was Schickard&#39;s machine lost?
during the thirties war
Who built the first real machine?
The first real machine was built by Wilhelm Schickard
Wilhelm Schickard
was built by Wilhelm Schickard
Who invented calculus?
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz
Who invented logarithms?
John Napier
Even though the technology used in digital computers has changed dramatically since the first computers of the 1940s, almost all modern computers still use the von Neumann architecture proposed by John von Neumann. Following the architecture, computers have four main sections, the logical and arithmetic unit, the control unit, the memory and the input and output devices. These parts are interconnected by busbars. The logical and arithmetic unit, the control unit, the registers and the basic input and output part are known as the CPU. Some larger computers differ from the model above in one main aspect - they have multiple CPUs working simultaneously. In addition, few computers, used mainly for research and scientific computing, have significant differences from the above model, but they do not have much commercial application.
When were the first computers?
1940
1940s
What interconnects the computer sectors?
These parts are interconnected by busbars
buses
by buses
By whom was von Neumann&#39;s architecture proposed?
John von Neumann
por John von Neumann
proposta por John von Neumann
What are the components of the CPU?
The logical and arithmetic unit, the control unit, the registers and the basic input and output part
What are the main sectors of the computer?
Following the architecture, computers have four main sections, the logical and arithmetic unit, the control unit, the memory and the input and output devices
the logical and arithmetic unit, the control unit, the memory and the input and output devices
computers have four main sections, the logical and arithmetic unit, the control unit, the memory and the input and output devices
How many main sessions does the computer have?
four
four main sections
The first electromechanical computer was built by Konrad Zuse (1910–1995). In 1936, this German engineer built, from relays that performed the calculations and data read on perforated tapes, the Z1. Zuse tried to sell the computer to the German government, which scorned the offer, as it would not assist in the war effort. Zuse&#39;s projects would come to a standstill during the war, giving Americans a chance to develop their computers. It was in World War II that today&#39;s computers were really born. The United States Navy, in conjunction with Harvard University, developed the Harvard Mark I computer, designed by Professor Howard Aiken, based on Babbage&#39;s analytical calculator. The Mark I occupied approximately 120m³, managing to multiply two ten-digit numbers in three seconds. Simultaneously, and in secret, the United States Army was developing a similar project, led by engineers J. Presper Eckert and John Mauchly, the result of which was the first valve computer, the Electronic Numeric Integrator And Calculator (ENIAC), capable of making five hundred multiplications per second. Having been designed to calculate ballistic trajectories, ENIAC was kept secret by the American government until the end of the war, when it was announced to the world.
Who did Zuse try to sell the Z1 to?
to the German government
german government
Until when was ENIAC kept secret?
end of the war
How did Zuse build the Z1?
from relays
from relays that performed the calculations and data read on perforated tapes
How many seconds did Mark I manage to multiply two ten-digit numbers?
in three seconds
three
three seconds
What was Mark I based on?
Babbage analytical calculator
What was ENIAC for?
calculate ballistic trajectories
Why was the Z1 despised by the German government?
since it would not assist in the war effort
Why was the Z1 despised by the German government?
since it would not assist in the war effort
What was the first tube computer?
ENIAC
Eletronic Numeric Integrator And Calculator
Eletronic Numeric Integrator And Calculator (ENIAC)
When were today&#39;s computers born?
WWII
Who created Mark I?
The United States Navy
United States Navy
The processor (or CPU) is one of the main parts of the computer&#39;s hardware and is responsible for calculations, task execution and data processing. The speed with which the computer performs tasks or processes data is directly linked to the speed of the processor. The first CPUs were made up of several separate components, but since the mid-1970s the CPUs have been manufactured in a single integrated circuit, being called microprocessors. The logical and arithmetic unit (ULA) is the central unit of the processor, which actually performs the arithmetic and logical operations between two numbers. Its parameters include, in addition to the operand numbers, a result, a command from the control unit, and the status of the command after the operation. The set of arithmetic operations of an ALU can be limited to addition and subtraction, but it can also include multiplication, division, trigonometric functions and square roots. Some can only operate with whole numbers, while others support the use of floating point to represent real numbers (although they have limited precision).
How were the first processors built?
The first CPUs were made up of several separate components
of several separate components
Since when have processors been built on a single integrated circuit?
1970
since the mid-1970s
mid 1970s
What does the logical and arithmetic unit do?
performs arithmetic and logical operations between two numbers
What is the logical and arithmetic unit?
central processor unit
central processor unit, which actually performs arithmetic and logical operations between two numbers
What are floating points for?
represent real numbers
represent real numbers (although they have limited accuracy)
What are the parameters of the ULA?
a result, a command from the control unit, and the status of the command after operation
What are the processor&#39;s tasks?
calculations, task execution and data processing
The next advance in computers was made by the American Herman Hollerith (1860-1929), who invented a machine capable of processing data based on the separation of punched cards (through their holes). Hollerith&#39;s machine was used to assist the 1890 census, reducing the data processing time of seven years, from the previous census, to just two and a half years. It was also a pioneer in using electricity to separate, count and tabulate cards. The company founded by Hollerith is now known as International Business Machines, or IBM.
How is the company founded by Hollerith known today?
IBM
International Business Machines
International Business Machines, ou IBM
How did Hollerith&#39;s machine pioneer?
use electricity for card separation, counting and tabulation
was also a pioneer in using electricity to separate, count and tabulate cards
How did Hollerith&#39;s machine pioneer?
use electricity in separation
use electricity for card separation, counting and tabulation
What was Hollerith&#39;s machine used for?
for auxiliary no census of 1890
to assist in the 1890 census, reducing the data processing time of seven years from the previous census to just two and a half years
What did Hollerith invent?
a machine capable of processing data based on the separation of punched cards
a machine capable of processing data based on the separation of punched cards (through their holes)
What is IBM?
International Business Machines
For how many years did Hollerith&#39;s machine reduce data processing time?
two and a half years
Input and output (I / O) devices are peripherals used for human-computer interaction. In modern personal computers, common input devices include the mouse, keyboard, digitizer and webcam. Common output devices include the speaker, monitor and printer. What all input devices have in common is that they need to encode (convert) information of some kind into data that can be processed by the computer&#39;s digital system. Output devices, on the other hand, decode data into information that is understood by the computer user. In this sense, a digital computer system is an example of a data processing system. This process, which basically consists of three phases: Input, Processing and Output. We understand by input the entire procedure of feeding information, which in turn will be processed (processing phase) and after that, the responses are passed on to the user (output ).
What are input and output devices?
peripherals used for human-computer interaction
What are the most common input devices on modern personal computers?
mouse, keyboard, digitizer and webcam
the mouse, keyboard, digitizer and webcam
How many phases does the data processing of a digital computer system have?
three
three phases
To connect all of these devices there is a special support plate, the motherboard, which, through busbars, wires and sockets, connects all devices. Its function also includes the connection of auxiliary cards that subcontrol the input and output peripherals, such as the sound card (connects with the sound box), the video card (connects with the monitor), network card (connects to the LAN) and fax-modem (connects to the phone line). Note that the bus between the components does not constitute a point-to-point connection; it can logically connect several components using the same set of wires. The bus can use a serial interface or a parallel interface. Other additional equipment used in conjunction with the motherboard are the heatsink, a small fan to cool the processor, and the power source, responsible for supplying power to all components of the computer.
How are the motherboard devices connected?
through busbars, wires and sockets
What is the energy source for?
power supply for all computer components
What types of interfaces can the bus use?
serial interface or a parallel interface
a serial interface or a parallel interface
Programs are simply large lists of instructions for the computer to execute, such as data tables. Many computer programs contain millions of instructions, and many of these instructions are executed repeatedly. A typical personal computer (in the year 2003) could execute about two to three billion instructions per second. Computers do not have their extraordinary capacity due to a complex set of instructions. Although there are differences in design with a CPU with a greater number of instructions and more complex, computers execute millions of simple combined instructions, written by good &quot;programmers&quot;. These combined instructions are written to perform common tasks, such as drawing a dot on the screen. Such instructions can then be used by other programmers.
How are instructions usually executed?
many of these instructions are executed repeatedly
repeatedly
What are programs?
large instruction lists
large lists of instructions for the computer to execute
large lists of instructions for the computer to execute, such as data tables
For whom can written instructions be used?
by other developers
How many instructions do computer programs have?
Many computer programs contain millions of instructions
millions
million instructions
Who writes the instructions for the computer?
programmers
Who runs the programs?
computer
The rapid change promoted by computers has made the supply of vacancies for the computer engineering professional stable, and the prospects are that they will remain so in the coming years. In most cases, the first job comes through internship at a large company. The computer engineer can work both in companies in the technology sector, as in companies in different segments. In industry, whenever the country is going through a good economic period, investments are made in the production line - which includes hiring specialized labor to work with sophisticated machines. This bachelor&#39;s degree is required to develop software to assist the progress of industries and to create equipment such as cell phones, tablets, washing machines and harvesters. Manufacture of computers, hardware, embedded systems, industrial automation and robotics (designing robots, digital and computerized systems for factories), computer network management, software and application development, marketing and sales (planning and coordinating actions for commercialization equipment), digital signal processing, telecommunications (interconnection between telephone networks), and many others.
How does the computer engineer&#39;s first job usually come about?
through internship at a large company
In which companies can the computer engineer work?
The computer engineer can work both in companies in the technology sector, as in companies in different segments
both in companies in the technology sector, as in companies from different segments
How has the rapid change promoted by computers made the offer of vacancies for the computer engineering professional?
stable
became stable
has made the supply of vacancies stable for the computer engineering professional
When do investments occur in the industry&#39;s production line?
In industry, whenever the country is going through a good economic period, investments are made in the production line
whenever the country is going through a good economic period
whenever the country is going through a good economic period, there are investments in the production line
Currently, a new teaching methodology has been applied to Computer Engineering courses in Brazil: Problem-Based Learning or Problem Based Learning (PBL). This methodology, whose main objective is to explore the student&#39;s self-education, as well as his ability to work in groups, has already been applied in new EC courses in Brazil, such as at the State University of Feira de Santana (UEFS), which was the pioneer in Brazil, and at the Federal University of Bahia (UFBA).
What is PBL?
Problem Based Learning
What is UEFS?
Feira de Santana State University
What methodology has been applied to computer engineering courses in Brazil?
Problem-based learning
Problem-based or Problem Based Learning (PBL)
Problem Based Learning (PBL)
What is the main objective of PBL?
explore student self-education
explore student self-education as well as their ability to work in groups
Who was the pioneer in PBL in Brazil?
UEFS
Feira de Santana State University
Feira de Santana State University (UEFS)
Computer Engineering or computer engineering is the branch of engineering that deals with the design and construction of computers and systems that integrate hardware and software, enabling the production of new machines and computing equipment to be used in various sectors. The computer is the most well-known computing system. However, the Computer Engineering course does not focus on the development of personal computers, but on computer systems in general. Although it is the best known, the computer represents only 20% of the entire computing system in the world, the other 80% being known as &quot;embedded systems&quot;, as they are computing systems that are part of a larger system, such as: on board aircraft and ships, monitoring and control systems for power plants and industrial plants. Most electronics today are computer systems, as they have advanced microprocessors, firmware and software: TVs, cell phones, microwaves, refrigerators, etc.
What does computer engineering make possible?
the production of new machines and computational equipment
the production of new machines and computational equipment to be used in various sectors
production of new machines and computational equipment
Why are most electronics products computing systems?
as they have advanced microprocessors, firmware and software
What is the development focus of the Computer Engineering course?
of computer systems in general
computing systems in general
What is the most popular computing system?
computer
Which branch of engineering deals with building computers?
Computer Engineering or Computer Engineering
How many of the computer systems are known as &quot;embedded systems&quot;?
80%
How much does the computer represent of the entire computer system in the world?
20%
At the Federal University of Rio Grande (UFRG), located in Rio Grande, Rio Grande do Sul, the Computer Engineering Course was created in 1993 and had its first entry in 1994, and the first class formed in 1998. In 2008, to the then recently founded Center for Computational Sciences. In this case, the course, despite being based on the general teaching and training postures in Engineering, is not a specialty of Electrical Engineering, but excels in a Computer Science approach more directed to the computational solution of technical and technological problems. , aiming at the autonomous performance of the computer engineer or together with professionals from other areas of Engineering and other technological or scientific careers. Currently, after extensive structural reform, in addition to having all the traditional basic training of Engineering courses (Calculus, Physics, Design, Administration, etc.), the curriculum operates under the concept of system, with axes ranging from mathematical foundation and Computer Science itself (Discrete Mathematics, Data Structures, Databases, Programming Languages, Algorithm Analysis, Software Engineering, Computer Theory, etc.), to the specificities of computer technologies, such as information and programming systems, graphics, intelligent, manufacturing, microprocessed and distributed. The &quot;grid&quot; of the Course can be consulted on its page. The approach that the Course had to the aspects of control and automation and concepts of systems analysis was greatly diminished since the institution of Automation engineering and information system courses at the same University, in 2009. Currently, UFRG also counts, with a Masters in Computer Engineering, which due to its unrelated genesis, Electrical Engineering is one of the only in Brazil associated with the Computer Area Committee at CAPES.
What is the Master&#39;s course in Computer Engineering associated with?
to the Computer Area Committee at CAPES
What does the Computer Engineering course at UFRG aim at?
the autonomous performance of the computer engineer or together with professionals from other areas of Engineering and other technological or scientific careers
What is UFRG?
Federal University of Rio Grande
Where can the grid of the Computer Engineering course at UFRG be consulted?
The &quot;grid&quot; of the Course can be consulted on its page
in your page
can be consulted on its page
In the case of the University of São Paulo (USP), the Computer Engineering course was created within the Polytechnic School, which already offered an Electronic Engineering course with an emphasis on systems, and the original Bachelor&#39;s degree in Computer Science continued to be offered by the Institute of Mathematics and Statistics, with no relationship between the two courses. The first class of computer engineers at Poli-USP started in 1989 in the city of Cubatão, in the cooperative model, alternating internship cycles with academic cycles, similar to the one existing at the University of Waterloo. At USP São Carlos, the Computer Engineering course was created through a partnership between the São Carlos School of Engineering and the Institute of Mathematical and Computer Sciences at the University of São Paulo.
Within which school was the Computer Engineering course created?
Polytechnic School
What is USP?
University of Sao Paulo
Where did the first class of computer engineers start?
city of Cubatao
in the city of Cubatão
Which course was created through a partnership between the São Carlos School of Engineering and the Institute of Mathematical and Computer Sciences at the University of São Paulo?
Computer engineering
When did the first class of computer engineers start?
1989
In the case of Brazil, most Computer Engineering courses emerged as a specialization in the Electrical Engineering course, uniting with disciplines from the Computer Science course. Computer Engineering grew so vastly that it ended up separating itself from Electrical Engineering, although in some Engineering schools, it still integrates it.
How did most Computer Engineering courses come about?
as a specialization of the Electrical Engineering course
emerged as a specialization of the Electrical Engineering course
What course do computer engineering disciplines come from?
Computer science
of the Computer Science course
Where does electrical engineering still integrate computer engineering?
in some schools
The Computer Engineering course at the Federal University of the São Francisco Valley (UNIVASF) was authorized by the 2005 decision of the University Council of UNIVASF. In 2005, the first competition was held to hire the first two professors of the course, who started their activities in 2006. In 2006, the first entrance exam for the Computer Engineering area also took place. In 2008 the faculty was expanded to 9 members, and then to 14 in 2009. In 2010 the body was completed, with the hiring of the fifteenth member. The Computer Engineering course has an important role in the São Francisco Valley region. Despite recent developments and investments, the region is still far from reaching the limit of its economic potential. There is a clear possibility of increasing production, reducing costs, diversifying production / services and entering new markets. At the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), the Computer and Information Engineering course was created at the Polytechnic School in 2003, which already had a course in Electronic and Computer Engineering (Electronic Engineering with an emphasis on computing), maintaining the electronics base and emphasizing the parts of software and information systems.
What is UNIVASF?
Federal University of the São Francisco Valley
When did the first professors of the Computer Engineering course at UNIVASF start their activities?
2006
How many members were there in the faculty of the Computer Engineering course at UNIVASF in 2008?
9
9 members
Who authorized the Computer Engineering course at UNIVASF?
University Council
University Council of UNIVASF
The Computer Engineering degree course has been added to universities since the early 1990s. Some universities like the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the United States have chosen to unite the departments of electrical engineering and computer science .
Since when has the computer engineering course been added to universities?
early 1990s
What is MIT?
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Where is MIT?
U.S
What did MIT choose?
unite the departments of electrical engineering and computer science
The first course in Brazil to offer an undergraduate degree in the area was Systems and Computer Engineering at the Faculty of Engineering at the State University of Rio de Janeiro (UERJ). Created by Ordinance 466, of December 1976, of the Higher Council for Teaching and Research of UERJ, the course began to function effectively in 1977, as an emphasis on the Electrical Engineering course. Created at a time when the computing teaching environment was entirely dominated by private entities, this course was one of the pioneers, since there were practically no undergraduate courses focused on Systems and Computing and the existing opportunities were few and expensive. The Systems and Computer Engineering Course then appeared with the objective of meeting the needs of a job market in need of professionals with higher education in the specific area of computing. The course curriculum was revised in 1986, in 1994 and is currently undergoing a revision with the objective of making it an independent electrical engineering course, changing to being simply called Computer Engineering graduation.
What will the course in computer and systems engineering be called?
Computer engineering
degree in Computer Engineering
simply graduated in Computer Engineering
What is UERJ?
state University of Rio de Janeiro
What was the objective of the systems engineering and computing course?
supply the needs of a job market in need of professionals with higher education in the specific area of computing
What was the first course in Brazil to offer a degree in computer engineering?
Systems and Computer Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, State University of Rio de Janeiro
Systems and Computer Engineering at the Faculty of Engineering of the State University of Rio de Janeiro (UERJ)
What is the purpose of reviewing the systems and computer engineering course?
make it an independent electrical engineering course
make it an independent electrical engineering course, changing to being simply called Computer Engineering graduation
When did the UERJ Systems and Computer Engineering course start working?
1977
Who dominated the field of computer education at the time?
private entities
The computer engineering professional is fully trained in engineering and has a solid technical-scientific and professional background, which enables him to specify, develop, implement, adapt, industrialize, install and maintain computer systems, as well as to integrate physical resources and necessary to meet informational, computational and automation needs. Focused on voltage training. In Brazil, a computer engineer is considered to be a graduate in Computer Engineering, but to be able to practice the profession it is necessary to register in the CREA system (Regional Council of Engineering and Agronomy) of the state where he operates. The professional can work in educational institutions, banks; the areas for this professional also include the area of civil construction and national security.
How does the training of the computer engineering professional enable you?
specify, develop, implement, adapt, industrialize, install and maintain computer systems
enables you to specify, develop, implement, adapt, industrialize, install and maintain computer systems
What is CREA?
Regional Council of Engineering and Agronomy
What does it take for a computer engineer to exercise the profession?
registration in the CREA system
registration in the CREA system (Regional Council of Engineering and Agronomy)
Who is considered a computer engineer in Brazil?
In Brazil, a computer engineer is considered to be a graduate in Computer Engineering
who has a degree in Computer Engineering
is considered a computer engineer who has a degree in Computer Engineering
Other recent examples that followed the MIT model is that of the Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE) - which created the Computer Engineering degree in a partnership between the Center for Informatics and the Department of Electronics and Systems - also maintaining the original Bachelor&#39;s degree in Computer Science, the Federal University of Ouro Preto (UFOP), which hosts the course on a campus in João Monlevade, with classes not yet formed and the Federal University of Itajubá (UNIFEI) - which, following the same trend as MIT, joined the electrical and computer science institutes to give rise to a bachelor&#39;s degree in Computer Engineering. A different case was that of the Federal University of São Carlos (UFSC), which had two types of Computer Science courses: one with an emphasis on software and another with an emphasis on hardware. In this case, the original Bachelor&#39;s degree with an emphasis on software was maintained, and the course with an emphasis on hardware was transformed into the Computer Engineering course. Currently (2006), a new curriculum has been proposed and today the course consists of Computer Engineering with an emphasis on Control and Automation.
How is the Computer Engineering course at UFSC today?
Computer Engineering with emphasis on Control and Automation
What has the Computer Science course modality with an emphasis on hardware been transformed into?
in the Computer Engineering course
What did UFPE create in a partnership with the Center for Informatics and the Department of Electronics and Systems?
degree in Computer Engineering
What is UFSC?
Federal University of São Carlos
What is a recent example of a university that followed the MIT model?
UFPE
Federal University of Pernambuco
Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE)
How many types of the Computer Science course did UFSC have?
two
Currently, there is a special emphasis on Software Engineering on the Web. Also used by Presmann the acronym WebE, it is the process used to create high quality WebApps (Web-based applications). Although the basic principles of WebE are very close to classical Software Engineering, there are specific and specific peculiarities. With the advent of B2B (e-business) and B2C (e-commerce), and even more with applications for Web 2.0, this type of engineering became more important. Usually they adopt the MVC architecture (Model-View-Controller) in their development.
What are WebApps?
web-based applications
What is MVC?
Model-View-Controller
Where does software engineering stand out?
Web
on the Web
What is the architecture generally adopted in the development of WebApps?
MVC
MVC (Model-View-Controller)
Model-View-Controller
What is the process used to create WebApps?
site
Who also uses the acronym WebE?
Presmann
Software engineering is an area of computing focused on the specification, development, maintenance and creation of software, with the application of technologies and project management practices and other disciplines, aiming at organization, productivity and quality. Currently, these technologies and practices encompass programming languages, databases, tools, platforms, libraries, software design standards, software process and software quality. In addition, software engineering must offer mechanisms to plan and manage the process of developing a quality computer system that meets the needs of a software requester. The scientific foundations for software engineering involve the use of abstract and accurate models that allow the engineer to specify, design, implement and maintain software systems, evaluating and guaranteeing their qualities. The area that studies and evaluates software engineering processes, proposing the evolution of processes, tools and methods to support software engineering is Experimental Software Engineering.
What does software engineering aim at?
organization, productivity and quality
What do software engineering technologies and practices encompass?
these technologies and practices encompass programming languages, databases, tools, platforms, libraries, software design standards, software process and software quality
programming languages, database, tools, platforms, libraries, software design standards, software process and software quality
What do the models used by software engineering allow?
specify, design, implement and maintain software systems
specify, design, implement and maintain software systems, evaluating and guaranteeing their qualities
What is software engineering aimed at?
Software engineering is an area of computing focused on the specification, development, maintenance and creation of software
specification, development, maintenance and creation of software
the specification, development, maintenance and creation of software
What is the area that studies and evaluates software engineering processes?
Experimental Software Engineering
Friedrich Ludwig Bauer defined it as: &quot;Software engineering is the creation and use of solid engineering principles in order to obtain software in an economical way, that is reliable and that works on real machines&quot;. Margaret Hamilton is credited with coining the term &quot;software engineering&quot;. The very meaning of engineering already brings the concepts of creation, construction, analysis, development and maintenance. Software Engineering focuses on the practical aspects of producing a software system, while computer science studies the theoretical foundations of computational aspects. The term was coined in the 1960s and officially used in 1968 on the NATO Science Committee. Its creation came about in an attempt to circumvent the software crisis and give an engineering treatment (more systematic, controlled and of measurable quality) to the development of complex software systems. A complex software system is characterized by a set of abstract software components encapsulated in the form of algorithms, functions, modules, objects or agents interconnected with each other, composing the software architecture, which must be executed in computer systems.
What does software engineering focus on?
in the practical aspects of producing a software system
In what year was the term software engineering created?
1960
How would engineering treatment make the development of software systems complex?
more systematic, controlled and of measurable quality
What does computer science study?
the theoretical foundations of computational aspects
Where should complex software systems be run?
computational systems
Where was the term software engineering officially used?
NATO Science Committee
What are the concepts brought by the meaning of software engineering?
creation, construction, analysis, development and maintenance
The term methodology is quite controversial in the sciences in general and in Software Engineering in particular. Many authors seem to treat methodology and method as synonyms, but it would be more appropriate to say that a methodology involves philosophical principles that guide a range of methods that use different tools and practices to accomplish something. Thus we would have, for example, the Structured Methodology, in which there are several methods, such as Structured Analysis and Structured Design (often called SA / SD, and Essential Analysis). Thus, both Structured Analysis and Essential Analysis use the Data Flow Diagram tool to model the functioning of the system.
How is the most appropriate way of saying what a methodology is?
involves philosophical principles that guide a range of methods that use different tools and practices to accomplish something
a methodology involves philosophical principles that guide a range of methods that use different tools and practices to accomplish something
Which words are treated as synonyms by the authors?
methodology and method
Which tool is used by structured analysis and essential analysis to model the functioning of the system?
Data Flow Diagram
Which term is controversial in the sciences in general?
methodology
The scientific fundamentals of software engineering involve the use of abstract and precise models that allow the engineer to specify, design, implement and maintain software systems, evaluating and guaranteeing their quality. In addition, it should offer mechanisms to plan and manage the development process. Software development companies started to use these concepts mainly to guide their development areas, many of them organized in the form of Software Factory. Systems engineering is a broad area because it addresses aspects of computer-based systems, including hardware and process engineering for software construction. The Federal University of Goiás was a pioneer in Brazil when it created the undergraduate course in Software Engineering, today the course gains popularity and is already adopted by other universities such as the Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul, the University of Brasilia, the Federal Technological University of Paraná , Federal University of Ceará, Federal University of Amazonas, Federal University of Pampa, State University of Ponta Grossa, PUC-Campinas, PUC-RS, Higher Education Center of Juiz de Fora, among others.
How many developer companies are organized?
many of them organized in the form of a Software Factory
organized in the form of a Software Factory
in the form of Software Factory
What do the scientific foundations involve use?
abstract and accurate models
What should the models used by the scientific foundations of software engineering allow the engineer?
specify, design, implement and maintain software systems
allow the engineer to specify, design, implement and maintain software systems
Why is systems engineering a broad area?
for dealing with aspects of computer-based systems
for addressing aspects of computer-based systems, including hardware and process engineering for software construction
What is the pioneer university in Brazil in software engineering?
Goias Federal University
Another trend area in Software Engineering is the application of mathematical optimization techniques to solve various problems in the area. The area, called Search-based software engineering, or Optimization in software engineering in Portuguese, presents several interesting results. For more details in Portuguese, see text with applications of optimization in software engineering. Brazil currently has several higher education courses in Software Engineering at the following institutions recognized by MEC: UnB, UFRN, State University of Santa Catarina, Federal University of Ceará, Federal University of Goiás, University of Rio Verde, Unipampa, UniCesumar , UTFPR and PUCRS. Academic events also showcase interesting topics about future software engineering trends. In 2013, Brazil will host major engineering events such as the International Requirements Engineering Conference and the Latin American School of Software Engineering.
What is the area of mathematical optimization in software engineering called?
Software engineering optimization
Search-based software engineering
Search-based software engineering, or Optimization in software engineering in Portuguese
Where was the international requirements engineering conference held in 2013?
Brazil
What does software engineering apply to mathematical optimization techniques?
to solve several problems in the area
solving several problems in the area
As determined by Law 11.788 / 2008, also called the Internship Law, the following rights are guaranteed: a working day of 4 (four) hours per day and 20 (twenty) hours per week, in the case of special education students and final years of elementary education, in the professional modality of education of young people and adults, 6 (six) hours per day and 30 (thirty) hours per week, in the case of students in higher education, technical education and regular high school, the trainee is guaranteed, whenever the internship lasts 1 (one) year or more, a 30 (thirty) day recess period, to be taken preferably during your school holidays and the scholarship or other form of consideration for work, as well as the assistance - transport, are only due when the internship is not mandatory
How is Law 11.788 / 2008 called?
Internship Law
How many daily internship hours are guaranteed for special education students?
4
4 (four) hours
four
How many hours per week are guaranteed for higher education students?
30
30 (thirty)
thirty
Under Brazilian law, the student internship is governed by Law No. 11,788, of September 25, 2008. and does not constitute an employment relationship. Although trainees do not have labor rights, they do have some rights, such as receiving a scholarship (if stipulated), fulfilling a fixed hourly load, and taking out compulsory insurance against accidents beyond 30 paid days of recess. after 1 year of internship. Due to the ease in hiring an intern, and the complete absence of social charges, the internship is often used in fraud against the established regulations, serving as a means for informal work.
After how many years of internship is the trainee entitled to a paid break?
1
1 year
1 year internship
Which law governs student internship under Brazilian law?
Law No. 11,788
Under Brazilian law, the student internship is governed by Law No. 11,788, of September 25, 2008
the student internship is governed by Law No. 11,788
How many paid days does the intern have a recess?
30
The internship contract, in Brazilian law, aims to regulate a bond between contractor and contractor. The internship seeks educational complementation in higher and technical courses. A legal employment relationship is not considered by law. The training of the service provider is sought with the internship. This hiring has been criticized, because it allows some employers to defraud the spirit of the law, using the worker in normal activity in exchange for a scholarship to cover transportation and food expenses and not having all the social security and labor protection due to the employee. Thus, when we envision the real practice of simple, less costly use of the workforce, without any educational gain for the student, there will be transmutation of the species to that of employment.
Why has the internship hiring been criticized?
because it allows some employers to defraud the spirit of the law
because it allows some employers to defraud the spirit of the law, using the worker in normal activity in exchange for a scholarship to cover transportation and food expenses and not having all the social security and labor protection due to the employee
What is the purpose of the internship contract?
The internship contract, in Brazilian law, aims to regulate a bond between contractor and contractor
the regulation of a bond between contractor and contractor
aims to regulate a bond between contractor and contractor
When will there be transmutation of the species to that of employment?
when envisioned the actual practice of simple, less costly use of the workforce
when envisioned the actual practice of simple, less costly use of the workforce, without any educational gain for the student
The intern is a professional at the beginning of his career. The internship (from the Latin term stagium by the French stage) is commonly provided by students, in companies or public offices, aiming at professional improvement in their area of study. The contract is signed between the student and the borrower, with the intervention of the educational institution, which must ensure that the contract is faithfully fulfilled. Generically, it can also characterize a training period within companies, offered to individuals without mediation from educational institutions. The function of the internship is to offer practical knowledge of professional functions. It provides students with empirical contact with the theoretical subjects passed on to them in the classroom. It is the understanding, now consolidated by educators, that theory, without practice, is incomplete, hampering immediate access to the labor market. The internship aims to overcome this problem.
What does the internship allow?
an empirical contact with the theoretical subjects passed on to them in the classroom
Where can the internship take place?
in companies or government offices
For what does the educational institution ensure that the contract is signed?
the contract is fulfilled faithfully
Who is the internship usually provided for?
commonly provided by students
students
is commonly provided by students
What does the internship do?
The function of the internship is to offer practical knowledge of professional functions
offer practical knowledge of professional functions
What is the purpose of the internship?
professional improvement in your area of study
Who celebrates the internship contract?
The contract is concluded between the student and the policyholder
student and policyholder
is celebrated between the student and the policyholder
From the eighth month of pregnancy, the pregnant academic can be assisted by the home exercise regime lasting three consecutive months. The student must submit an application to the Academic Secretariat, addressed to the Course Coordinator or equivalent, requesting the home exercise regime, attaching the medical report containing the month of pregnancy or the date of delivery and the doctor&#39;s signature, date and CRM. The Academic Secretariat must formalize the process and forward it to the Course Coordination or equivalent. In exceptional cases, and duly proven, through a medical report, the period of the home exercise regime may be increased, before and after delivery.
Can pregnant women be helped by the exercise regime from which month of pregnancy?
From the eighth month
From the eighth month of gestation
eighth
What should the pregnant woman do to request the home exercise regime?
The academic must submit an application to the Academic Secretariat
must submit an application to the Academic Secretariat
deliver application to the Academic Secretariat
What should be attached to the application?
medical report
the medical report
the medical report containing the month of pregnancy or the date of delivery and the signature, date and CRM of the doctor
For how many months can the pregnant woman be helped by the home exercise regime?
three
three months
three consecutive months
The request for the Home Exercise Regime must be filed immediately upon confirmation of the fact, the request with retroactive value being null and void, as it does not characterize the purpose of the regime. Therefore, the period for starting the home exercise regime will be counted by the date of filing the application and the final period by the date stated in the medical report. The approval of the home exercise regime request will be the responsibility of the Course Coordinator or equivalent, based on the medical report presented. If there are doubts regarding the classification of the medical report in the home exercise regime, the Course Coordinator or equivalent should consult the UFMS Official Medical Board. While the Official Medical Board examines the medical documents presented, the academic should be assisted by the home exercise regime, until the need for confirmation of the removal is confirmed. The Course Coordinator or equivalent shall immediately inform the teachers of the list of students who are on a home exercise basis.
What should the request for the home exercise regime be filed with?
The request for the Home Exercise Regime must be filed immediately upon confirmation of the fact
fact finding
to the verification of the fact
What is the basis for the request for a home exercise regime?
medical report presented
Who grants the request for a home exercise regime?
Course coordinator
Course Coordinator or equivalent
Who should be consulted in case of doubts regarding the framework of the medical report?
UFMS Official Medical Board
Who should inform teachers about the list of students who are on a home exercise basis?
Course coordinator
Course Coordinator or equivalent
After the tests have been carried out and corrected, the teacher must return them to the academic, attaching a copy in the home exercise regime process and making the entry in the academic system. At the end of the home exercise regime, the Course Coordinator or equivalent should forward the Medical Report to the Academic Secretariat (Secac) to be filed in the academic file. The Course Coordinator, or equivalent, is responsible for monitoring all procedures related to the home exercise regime.
What should be sent to Secac?
Medical report
What is Secac?
academic secretary
Where will the teacher launch the tests?
in the academic system
Where will the Medical Report be filed?
in the academic folder
academic folder
When should the teacher return the tests to students?
After completion and correction
After performing and correcting the tests
Who will monitor the academic exercise regime at home?
Course coordinator
Course Coordinator, or equivalent
Practical academic activities, field or internship, by their nature, are not compatible with special treatment in the home exercise regime. For the cases listed in this article, the academic must request the enrollment lock, under penalty of failure due to lack of frequency and success. In cases where the period foreseen for the home exercise regime is greater than one academic semester, the leave must be converted into a registration lock.
What should the academic do in cases of practical activities in the home exercise regime?
require registration lockout
Should the enrollment lockout be done if the home exercise regime exceeds how many semesters?
In cases where the period foreseen for the home exercise regime is greater than one academic semester
one
an academic semester
The home exercise regime is understood as the substitution of classes not attended by the academic, for activities carried out in the home or hospital environment, ensuring that the academic has the possibility of taking the tests that were applied during the period of absence at another time.
What does the home exercise regime guarantee to the academic?
the possibility of providing at another time the tests that were applied during the period of removal
What is home exercise regime?
the replacement of classes not attended by the academic
the replacement of classes not attended by the academic, with activities carried out in the home or hospital environment
the replacement of classes not attended by the academic, with activities carried out in a home or hospital environment, ensuring that the academic has the possibility of providing, at another time, the tests that were applied during the period of absence
The Course Coordinator or equivalent must attach to the process of each academic who is on a home exercise regime, all documents related to the period covered by the regime, including copies of home activities and tests. Each teacher will define the activities to be performed during the home exercise regime, as well as the delivery deadlines, with the academic, or his / her attorney, being responsible for removing and returning the activities in the Course Coordination. If the academic does not deliver the activities scheduled on the date stipulated by the teacher, the frequency will not be computed. It will be the responsibility of the teacher to deliver to the Course Coordinator or equivalent to the activities returned by the academic in a home exercise regime, as well as the posting of frequency in the academic system. The evaluation of the content will be in accordance with the provisions of the Teaching Plan of the discipline, applying the same evaluation system required for other academics. The dates of the tests must be fixed by mutual agreement between the academic, the teacher and the Course Coordinator, or equivalent. A score of zero will be awarded to students who do not attend the exam.
What happens if the academic does not deliver the activities on the stipulated date?
the frequency will not be computed
Where should academics pick up and return activities?
Course Coordination
To whom should the teacher deliver the activities returned by the academic?
Course coordinator
Course Coordinator or equivalent
Who will define the activities to be performed during the home exercise regime?
professor
People with congenital or acquired conditions, infections, trauma or other morbid conditions that present acute or acute disorders, characterized by relative physical incapacity, incompatible with the frequency of classes, if the intellectual and emotional conditions necessary for the continuation of the activity are verified at school, will be assisted by the home exercise regime. The academic must submit an application to the Academic Secretariat, addressed to the Course Coordinator or equivalent, requesting the home exercise regime, attaching the medical report containing: the International Classification of Diseases, the time off, the treatment instituted for the treatment and the signature , date and CRM of the doctor. The Academic Secretariat must formalize the process and forward it to the Course Coordination or equivalent. The home exercise regime will only be granted for absences greater than seven consecutive days.
What will trauma sufferers watch?
home exercise regime
Where should the application for proof of conditions be submitted?
The academic must submit an application to the Academic Secretariat
academic secretary
at the Academic Secretariat
FAPDF was created by Law No. 347, of 11/04/1992, and implemented on November 4, 1993. The FAPDF Bylaws were approved only on May 16, 2007, by decree No. 27,958. The Internal Regulation was published in the Official Gazette of the Federal District (DODF) No. 111, of June 12, 2007.
In what year was the FAPDF Bylaws approved?
2007
When was the FAPDF implemented?
November 4, 1993
The Research Support Foundation of the Federal District (FAPDF) is an entity with private legal personality, in the form of a public foundation and its purpose is to stimulate, support and promote the scientific, technological and innovation development of the Federal District, aiming the well-being of the population, defense of the environment and progress in science and technology.
What does the FAPDF see?
the well-being of the population, protection of the environment and progress in science and technology
What is FAPDF?
Federal District Research Support Foundation
entity with private legal personality, in the form of a public foundation and its purpose is to stimulate, support and promote the scientific, technological and innovation development of the Federal District
an entity with legal personality under private law
What is the purpose of FAPDF?
stimulate, support and promote the scientific, technological and innovation development of the Federal District
stimulate, support and promote the scientific, technological and innovation development of the Federal District, aiming at the well-being of the population, defense of the environment and progress in science and technology
The Federal District Research Support Foundation - FAPDF - established on November 4, 1992, has the institutional purpose of stimulating, supporting and promoting scientific, technological and innovation development, within the Federal District, through financial support to projects that are in line with the Foundation&#39;s statutory and statutory attributions, as well as the raising of national and international resources, inserted in this context. For you, the citizen, FAPDF finances research projects, through public notices, in partnership with national and international institutions in the academic, scientific or technological scenario, as well as support for innovative projects that ensure the development of the Federal District and that are contextualized with the FAPDF&#39;s statutory and statutory purposes.
FAPDF finances research projects in partnership with whom?
with national and international institutions
in partnership with national and international institutions
national and international institutions
FAPDF aims to stimulate, support and promote scientific development from which scope?
Federal District
When was the FAPDF established?
November 4, 1992
The importance of the Foundation for the Federal District can be seen in its first year of existence. The number of 386 research projects presented in the institution&#39;s first public notice, published in the Official Gazette of the Federal District on December 28, 1993, surprised everyone, including the first president of the institution, engineer Newton de Castro. “Dr. Newton de Castro&#39;s effort to publicize the public notice resulted in the presentation of 386 projects, 200 of which were approved”, recalled Roque de Barros Laraia, the Foundation&#39;s first scientific technical director, in an article published in the institution&#39;s promotional material.
Where was the article published by the foundation&#39;s first technical scientific director?
promotional material of the institution
When was the first FAPDF public notice published?
December 28, 1993
How many projects were presented in the first FAPDF call?
386
Who was the institution&#39;s first president?
Newton de Castro
The dream started around 1985, when the scientific community of the Federal District started to articulate the creation of an institution dedicated to the promotion and incentive of science and technology in the region. From the beginning, FAPDF was welcomed by Brasilia. The former rector of the University of Brasilia, Lauro Morhy, in an article published in December 1994, in the first promotional material printed by the institution stated: “FAPDF is the result of a wise decision and, today, a reality that needs to be consolidated and always improved. It is necessary to ensure the continuity of support for research, in order to achieve strong science. The most advanced countries in science and technology today reap good results in this area, not because they are above the equator, in a cold climate, that is, inhabited by higher beings, but because they supported and managed their science better and continuously. There is no science where immediacy and improvisation prevails ”.
In what year did the scientific community in the federal district start creating an institution dedicated to encouraging science and technology?
1985
around 1985
What do you need to ensure to achieve strong science?
continued research support
continuity of research support
It is necessary to ensure the continuity of research support
Why do more advanced countries in science today reap good rewards in this area?
because they supported and managed their science better and continuously
Who is the ex-rector of the university of brasília?
Lauro Morhy
On January 15, 1998, the Foundation&#39;s creation law was amended by Law No. 1,862. The Institute of Science and Technology of the Federal District (ICT / DF) was incorporated into FAPDF through Decree No. 21,527, of August 23, 2000. On August 9, 2005, under the need for organizational restructuring, the creation law of FAPDF was amended again by Law No. 3,652 of August 9, 2005.
What was the need that caused the FAPDF creation law to be changed by law No. 3,652?
the need for organizational restructuring
need for organizational restructuring
organizational restructuring
Which law changed the foundation&#39;s creation law?
Law No. 862
On November 5, 1993, editions of Jornal de Brasília and Correio Braziliense reported: “DF has become a new example of how society should value scientific activity and scale its resources to support it”, said one of them. Such call referred to the implantation in the Federal District of the Research Support Foundation of the Federal District (FAPDF), in compliance with law number 347, of November 4, 1992.
What was implemented in the federal district in compliance with law number 347?
FAPDF
Federal District Research Support Foundation
Federal District Research Support Foundation (FAPDF)
Who noticed that the DF became a new example of how society should value scientific activity?
editions of Jornal de Brasília and Correio Braziliense
The years passed, the institution took shape, other notices were created, programs were implemented and the FAPDF was consolidated in DF. Still in the words of Laraia, in an article published in 1994, “Not long ago it was just a dream of idealists, today it is an irreversible reality. More than that, it is a guarantee of a more promising future, when the results of the funded research are constituted in facts that will benefit the residents of Brasília ”.
Whose words were “Not long ago it was just a dream of idealists, today it is an irreversible reality. More than that, is it a guarantee of a more promising future, when the results of the funded research are constituted in facts that will benefit the residents of Brasília ”?
Laraia
Where has FAPDF consolidated itself?
DF
At the time, the projects were analyzed by two ad hoc consultants, residing outside the Federal District, and by the Advisory Chamber that met in July 1994. The first project to receive support from the institution was in the area of psychology, “O Estímulo à Criatividade in the University System ”, in September 94, a milestone for research in the Federal District.
What was the first project to receive support from the institution?
“Stimulating Creativity in the University System”
How many ad hoc consultants consulted the projects?
two
FACOM also maintains a partnership with several companies based in Campo Grande to provide services that range from training in application software to consulting in the areas of Computing. The Point of Presence (POP) of the National Research Network (RNP) in Mato Grosso do Sul (MS) is administered by FACOM and headquartered at the Nucleus of Informatics (NIN) of UFMS. In addition, Redecomep, an initiative of the Ministry of Science and Technology and Innovation (MCTI), coordinated by RNP, which aims to implement high-speed networks in the country&#39;s metropolitan regions served by RNP&#39;s Points of Presence, is also coordinated by Facom, within the scope of Campo Grande.
What is Redecomep?
an initiative of the Ministry of Science and Technology and Innovation
an initiative of the Ministry of Science and Technology and Innovation (MCTI), coordinated by RNP
an initiative of the Ministry of Science and Technology and Innovation (MCTI), coordinated by RNP, which aims to implement high-speed networks in the country&#39;s metropolitan regions served by RNP&#39;s Points of Presence
Where is RNP&#39;s POP based in Mato Grosso do Sul?
NIN
UFMS Computing Core (NIN)
Why does FACOM partner with several companies?
to provide services
to provide services ranging from training in application software to consulting in the areas of Computing
Who is RNP&#39;s POP administered in Mato Grosso do Sul?
Facom
What is the purpose of Redecomep?
implement high-speed networks in the country&#39;s metropolitan regions served by RNP&#39;s Points of Presence
The Computer Science area at UFMS had its starting point in 1987, with the implementation of the Bachelor&#39;s Degree in Computer Science, at the then Department of Mathematics at UFMS. The pioneers of this implementation were Professors Edson Norberto Cáceres and Sergio Roberto de Freitas. With the implementation of the course, more teachers in the field were hired and, with the growth of the group, the Department of Computing and Statistics (DCT) of the Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul (UFMS) was created in October 1992, as a result of a subdivision of the then Department of Mathematics at UFMS.
What was created with the subdivision of the Department of Mathematics at UFMS?
DCT
Department of Computing and Statistics
the Department of Computing and Statistics (DCT)
What happened to the implementation of the course?
With the implementation of the course, more teachers in the area were hired
more teachers in the field were hired
When was the Computer Science course at UFMS implemented?
1987
When was the UFMS DCT created?
in the month of October 1992
Who were the pioneers of computer science at UFMS?
Edson Norberto Cáceres and Sergio Roberto de Freitas
The pioneers of this implementation were Professors Edson Norberto Cáceres and Sergio Roberto de Freitas
Professors Edson Norberto Cáceres and Sergio Roberto de Freitas
Attentive to the regional need for training human resources in the area of applied computing, aiming primarily at technological development and innovation, in 2012 Facom implemented the Professional Master in Applied Computing, with an emphasis on Computational Technologies for Agriculture and Precision Livestock. This course has a partnership with Embrapa Gado de Corte, with whom Facom has maintained collaborative projects since 2001.
Who does Facom partner with to meet the regional need for training human resources in the field of applied computing?
Embrapa Beef Cattle
What is the emphasis of the professional master&#39;s degree in applied computing?
Computational Technologies for Precision Agriculture and Livestock
In 1996 the Evening Course in Bachelor of Systems Analysis was implemented, with the aim of providing another possibility of training to new students, prioritizing the main activities of Informatics, mainly in the area of application systems development. With the even greater growth of the Computing area at UFMS, the Master&#39;s course in Computer Science was implemented in 1999, solidifying the area in the scope of UFMS.
For what purpose was the Systems Analysis course created?
provide one more possibility of training to new students
provide one more possibility of training to new students, prioritizing the main activities of Informatics, mainly in the area of application systems development
What is the priority of the Systems Analysis course?
the main activities of Informatics
activities of Informatics
When was the computing area solidified at UFMS?
1999
When was the Systems Analysis course created?
1996
In 2009 the Faculty of Computing (FACOM) was implemented, with the creation of two new courses for operation already in 2010: Technology in Analysis and Development Systems and Technology in Computer Networks. Also in 2009, the Doctorate in Computer Science at UFMS, in association with UFG, was approved by Capes and started in August / 2010. In 2011, Facom receives the first class of the Bachelor&#39;s Degree in Computer Engineering and in 2015 the first class of the Bachelor&#39;s Degree in Software Engineering, further expanding the range of options for the community, totaling 400 annual places for graduation, 210 in evening courses.
How many places are there annually for undergraduate courses at Facom?
400
When did the first Computer Engineering class enter?
2011
In 2011
In 2011 Facom receives the first group of the Bachelor&#39;s Degree in Computer Engineering
Who approved the creation of the Doctorate in Computer Science at UFMS?
Capes
As a precursor to MEC, was the Ministry of Public Education, Post and Telegraphs, created in 1890 in response to Benjamin Constant. During the government of Floriano Peixoto, between 1891 and 1892, the ministry is extinguished, becoming a directorate in the Ministry of Justice and Interior Affairs. In 1930, the Ministry of Education and Public Health Affairs was created. On January 15, 1937, it was renamed the Ministry of Education and Health and its activities were limited to the administration of school education, extra-school education and public health and medical and social assistance.
What did the Ministry of Education and Public Health Affairs change its name to on January 15, 1937?
Ministry of Education and Health
In what year was the Ministry of Public Education, Posts and Telegraphs created?
1890
Where did the Ministry of Public Instruction become a board of directors after its extinction during the government of Floriano Peixoto?
Ministry of Justice and Interior Affairs
What were the activities of the Ministry of Education and Health?
administration of school education, out-of-school education and public health and medical and social assistance
What was the precursor to MEC?
Ministry of Public Education, Post and Telegraphs
In 1953, the federal government created the Ministry of Health and removes the administration responsibilities for it from the Ministry of Education and Health. From that moment on, it officially became the Ministry of Education and Culture (MEC) under Law No. 1,920, of July 25, 1953. On March 15, 1985, the Ministry of Culture (MinC) was created by Decree No. 91.144. Interestingly, the acronym MEC continues, but changes to the Ministry of Education. On November 8, 1990, MEC&#39;s activities became part of the national education policy; university education, civil education, research and extension; teaching and special education.
What did the Ministry of Education and Health come to be called after the federal government created the Ministry of Health?
GUY
Ministry of Education and Culture
Ministry of Education and Culture (MEC)
What activities were integrated into MEC on November 8, 1990?
national education policy; university education, civil education, research and extension; teaching and special education
Who created the Ministry of Health?
federal government
the federal government
The Ministry of Education (MEC) is an organ of the federal government of Brazil founded on decree no. 19,402, on November 14, 1930, with the name of Ministry of Business for Education and Public Health, by the then president Getúlio Vargas and was in charge of the study and dispatch of all matters related to teaching, public health and hospital assistance.
On what decree was the Ministry of Education founded?
decree No. 19,402
Decree No. 19,402, on November 14, 1930
What is MEC?
Ministry of Education
an organ of the federal government of Brazil founded on decree 19,402, on November 14, 1930, with the name of the Ministry of Business for Education and Public Health
What was the name of the Ministry of Education previously?
Ministry of Education and Public Health Affairs
FUNDAÇÃO UNIVERSIDADE FEDERAL DE MATO GROSSO DO SUL through the Pro-Rectory of Graduation - Prograd, in the use of its legal attributions, and in accordance with Coeg Resolution No. 342, of June 22, 2015, makes public the Selection Process of Undergraduate Teaching Monitoring Program, for selecting subjects that will obtain monitors for the second academic semester of 2018. The Undergraduate Teaching Monitoring Program is an instrument for improving teaching in undergraduate courses, based on the insertion of academics in didactic-pedagogical activities offered in one discipline and / or in a block of disciplines in undergraduate courses
Resolution No. 342 makes use of what?
Selection Process of the Undergraduate Teaching Monitoring Program
When is resolution 342 from?
June 22, 2015
What is the purpose of the selection process for the monitoring program of resolution No. 342?
selection of subjects that will obtain monitors for the second semester of 2018
For what purpose is the monitoring program a resource?
improving teaching in undergraduate courses
The enrollment of the disciplines will be carried out only online at the UFMS Project Information System (SIGProj), http://sigproj.ufms.br, between 07/16/2018 and 07/20/2018, as per this Notice . To enroll in this Public Notice, the teacher must attach, in SIGProj, the Discipline Enrollment Application Form, duly completed and signed, according to Annex II of this Public Notice. It is the teacher&#39;s responsibility to attach the required document in item 6.2 of this Notice.
What should be attached to SigProj?
Discipline Enrollment Application Form
Discipline Enrollment Application Form
Where are the subjects enrolled?
The registration of the disciplines will be carried out only online in the UFMS Project Information System (SIGProj)
SIGProj
UFMS Project Information System
What is the teacher&#39;s responsibility?
attach the required document in item 6.2
attach the document required in item 6.2 of this Notice
The teacher responsible for the monitor must belong to the permanent staff of UFMS as a teacher and be in effective exercise teaching the discipline. Voluntary or substituted professor on the board of each unit, may require a monitor for the discipline under his responsibility, provided that tutored by an effective professor of the board, responsible for a different class of the same discipline or equivalent discipline, or, in the absence or impossibility of the tutor effective teacher, by the course coordinator.
What should the teacher responsible for the monitor belong to?
permanent framework from UFMS
UFMS permanent staff as a teacher
UFMS permanent staff as a teacher and be in effective exercise teaching the discipline
Can a volunteer teacher require a monitor for your discipline?
provided that tutored by an effective teaching staff
provided that tutored by an effective teaching staff member, responsible for a different class of the same or equivalent discipline, or, in the absence or impossibility of the effective teaching tutor, by the course coordinator.
The announcement UFMS / PROGRAD nº 163, of June 19, 2018, aims at the selection process of subjects that will obtain monitors in the scholarship and volunteer categories for the second academic semester of 2018 in each Unit of the Sectorial Administration of UFMS. UFMS will make available through this Notice the amount of R $ 220,800.00 (two hundred and twenty thousand and eight hundred reais) for the granting of 138 scholarships. The institutional scholarship is a monthly subsidy paid and granted by UFMS only to the student participating in the Program. The scholarship has a monthly value of R $ 400.00 (four hundred reais), with a 12-hour weekly regime. The total number of vacancies for scholarship holders, for each Sectorial Administration Unit, was distributed proportionally, based on the Total Number of Undergraduate Students (TAEG), that is, the total number of students enrolled in the Sectoral Administration Unit.
To whom will the scholarship be awarded?
to the student participating in the Program
How were the grants distributed to each sectoral administration unit?
based on Total Undergraduate Equivalent Students
What does Total Undergraduate Equivalent Students Mean?
the total number of students enrolled in the Sectorial Administration Unit
What is the value of the monitoring grant?
The scholarship has a value of R $ 400.00 (four hundred reais)
R$ 400,00
four hundred reais
How many scholarships will be awarded for call 163?
138
138 bags
How much is the bid notice 163 for the selection of subjects that will obtain monitors?
R$ 220.800,00
R $ 220,800.00 (two hundred and twenty thousand and eight hundred reais)
two hundred and twenty thousand and eight hundred reais
The selection process of the monitors will be the responsibility of the Sectorial Administration Unit of the discipline&#39;s capacity, respecting the provisions of Resolution Coeg nº 342/2015 (Norms of Undergraduate Teaching Monitoring) and in this Notice. The Director of the Unit is responsible for forwarding, via SEI, the names of the members of the Selection Process Committee and their presidency to the Division of Support for Special Programs and Projects - Diap / CDA / Prograd. The President of the Selection Process Commission is responsible for accessing Sigproj, receiving and checking the documentation, Annex II of this Notice.
Who will select the monitors&#39; selection process?
The selection process for the monitors will be the responsibility of the Sectorial Administration Unit
Sectorial Administration Unit for stocking the discipline
What does the President of the Selection Process Commission do?
access Sigproj, receive and check the documentation
receive and check the documentation
Who sends the name of the members of the Selection Process Committee to Diap / CDA / Prograd?
Unit Director
Monograph is a dissertation (in a broad sense) about a particular point of a science, of an art, of a locality, on the same subject or on related subjects. Commonly written only by one person. It is the main type of scientific text. Academic work that presents the result of a little complex investigation on a single and well-defined topic.
What is a monograph?
a dissertation (in a broad sense) on a particular point of a science, an art, a location, on the same subject or on related subjects
What is the main type of scientific text?
Monography
How many people usually write the monograph?
an
A person
The monograph is rarely elaborated based on original research or results from an experimental study; it is usually a summary study, based on bibliography. It generally aims to obtain the title of bachelor or specialist, and is still used as a work of completion of some regular discipline.
What is the monograph used for?
as work to complete some regular discipline
What does the monograph aim at?
Generally aims at obtaining a bachelor&#39;s or specialist&#39;s degree
obtaining a bachelor&#39;s or specialist title
What is the basis for a monograph generally?
bibliographic base
bibliographic
What type of study is usually done in a monograph?
recapitulative study
it&#39;s usually a recapitulative study
recap
According to the Aurélio dictionary, the monograph is the detailed study in order to exhaust a relatively restricted topic. Another definition, based on what was exposed by Umberto Eco, for example, on how to make a monograph refers to texts from thirty to two hundred pages written during a discipline or course by one or more people, on a theme related to the studies in which you should get deeper. According to its purposes, the monograph is built from numerous rules that basically aim at the best treatment of the idea or subject treated as well as generating a certain homogeneity in relation to the methodology used for its creation. This is based on facts or concepts, and the subject must be grounded in order to obtain coherence and scientific or philosophical relevance. For this, the monograph needs to be elaborated based on existing bibliographies, which will support it or from practical results of scientific research, as a way of presenting, rationalizing and discussing these methods.
The monograph is constructed from what?
the monograph is built on countless rules that basically aim at the best treatment of the idea
from numerous rules that basically aim at the best treatment of the idea
numerous rules that basically aim at the best treatment of the idea
What do the numerous rules of the monograph aim at?
the best treatment of the idea
the best treatment of the idea or subject treated
What is the monograph according to the Aurélio dictionary?
the detailed study in order to exhaust a relatively restricted topic
Enrollment in mandatory subjects can be carried out in the course itself or in any other course at UFMS, as long as there is compatibility between the name of the discipline, menu and workload, subject to the availability of places. Enrollment in optional subjects can be done in the course itself or in any other course at UFMS, subject to the availability of places. Enrollment in mandatory internship can be done before the scheduled date for online enrollment, following the planning of the respective Course Internship Committee and approved by the Course Collegiate. When more than one class is offered for the same subject, the student must choose the class. If the number of enrolled students in a class is greater than the number of vacancies, the tiebreaker criterion will be the highest academic performance coefficient. Students who do not get a place in the intended class, according to the criteria above, will be redistributed to classes where there is a place, as long as there is compatibility of schedules.
What happens to students who did not get a place in the intended class?
will be redistributed in classes with vacancy
will be redistributed in classes where there is a vacancy, as long as there is compatibility of schedules
What happens if there is more than one class offered for the same subject?
should choose the class
the student must choose the class
Where can enrollment in optional subjects be made?
in the course itself or in any other course at UFMS
What are the conditions for enrollment in compulsory subjects?
there is compatibility between the name of the discipline, menu and workload, due to the existence of vacancies
What is the condition for enrollment in optional subjects?
existence of vacancies
What is the tiebreaker criterion if the number of enrolled in a class is greater than the number of places?
higher academic performance coefficient
The renewal of enrollment in course at UFMS occurs, every six months, for regular students at UFMS, according to deadlines established in the Academic Calendar and depends on the fulfillment of the following conditions: participation in the enrollment renewal stages, within the established deadlines; existence of vacancies in the selected disciplines; compliance with the prerequisites required for the selected disciplines; and absence of conflict of hours between the selected disciplines. The participation of the Course Coordinator during the renewal of registration is essential.
Who does the registration renewal for?
UFMS &#39;ongoing enrollment renewal occurs semiannually for regular UFMS students
for regular students at UFMS
When is the participation of the course coordinator indispensable?
The participation of the Course Coordinator during the renewal of registration is essential
during registration renewal
renewal of registration
When does registration renewal occur?
semiannually
The renewal of enrollment is carried out through the Academic System (Siscad), consisting of the three consecutive steps that are the selection of online subjects, performed by the student in the Academic System (Siscad), the adjustment of enrollment, which is optional for students. regular students who participate in the online discipline selection stage, aiming at identifying any adjustments and adjustments to the enrollment in disciplines, requested by the students to the Course Coordinator, through the Academic System (Siscad), and the validation of enrollments, administrative activity, without the participation of the student, which consists of registration in the Academic System (Siscad), by the Academic Secretariat, confirmation of all enrollments and adjustments requested and authorized by the Course Coordinator.
What does enrollment validation consist of?
registration in the Academic System (Siscad), by the Academic Secretariat, confirmation of all enrollments and adjustments requested and authorized by the Course Coordinator
Where is the registration renewal made?
Registration renewal is carried out through the Academic System (Siscad)
Siscad
through the Academic System
In the enrollment adjustment stage, the Course Coordinator is responsible for guiding and accompanying students, to continue the enrollment renewal process. Students who have missed the deadline in the online course selection stage or are interested in changing their enrollment in subjects, must register their request for change during the enrollment adjustment stage, through the Academic System (Siscad). During the enrollment adjustment stage, requests for inclusion of a discipline will be met only if there are vacancies available in any class of the respective discipline, respecting the provisions of items II to IV of art. 2nd. The request for inclusion of subjects that are not included in the course&#39;s curriculum structure may be requested to the Course Coordinator until the deadline for this stage of renewal of enrollment.
Who should be required to include subjects that are not included in the curriculum?
Course coordinator
How can it be requested to include subjects that are not in the curriculum structure?
to the Course Coordinator
to the Course Coordinator by the end of this stage of renewal of enrollment
may be required of the Course Coordinator
How does the course advisor assist students?
continuity of the registration renewal process
the Course Coordinator is responsible for guiding and accompanying students to continue the renewal process
registration renewal process
What to do if the student misses the online course selection deadline?
you must register your change request, during the enrollment adjustment stage, through the Academic System (Siscad)
What is the condition for including subjects during the enrollment adjustment stage?
if there are vacancies available in any class of the respective discipline
Who guides and accompanies students in adjusting enrollment?
Course coordinator
In the online discipline selection stage, the student must fill out an electronic form, through the Academic System (Siscad), indicating the disciplines he intends to take in the subsequent academic period, respecting the prerequisites and the compatibility of the class schedules. selected subjects. The priority of the vacancy is not guaranteed to the student who has attended any prerequisite in the summer or winter school period immediately preceding it or, for whatever reason, does not select the respective discipline (s) at this stage of the renewal. registration number.
What should the academic respect when choosing the subjects he / she wants to take?
the prerequisites and compatibility of class schedules for selected subjects
What should the student do when selecting subjects online?
must fill electronic form
the student must fill out an electronic form
fill electronic form
Where should the student fill out the electronic form?
Siscad
Academic System
Academic System (Siscad)
Which subjects should the academic complete on the electronic form?
subjects you intend to take in the subsequent academic period
disciplines that you intend to take in the subsequent academic period, respecting the prerequisites and the compatibility of the class schedules of the selected disciplines
The student will not be allowed to exclude or include subjects during the validation of enrollments by the Academic Secretariat. In the absence of renewal of enrollment by the student, the academic bond is converted into locking by the Course Coordinator. The Academic System (Siscad) will send a message to the Course Coordinator and to the student with unsuccessful enrollment, so that he / she declares interest in maintaining his / her vacancy throughout the academic period in which he / she was locked out. It is the Course Coordinator&#39;s responsibility to identify and record the reason for the absence of renewal or termination of enrollment without justification. The academic may be excluded due to withdrawal if, in the following semester, he does not renew the enrollment and is prevented from locking up because he has reached the maximum limit of four semesters of locking up. Omitted cases will be resolved by the Undergraduate Teaching Council.
What does the Academic Secretariat prohibit during the enrollment validation stage?
Students will not be allowed to exclude or include subjects during the validation stage of enrollments by the Academic Secretariat
the exclusion or inclusion of disciplines
exclusion or inclusion of disciplines
What happens if the academic does not renew the enrollment and is prevented from locking?
The academic may be excluded due to withdrawal
may be excluded for withdrawal
be excluded for withdrawal
What happens if the student is absent from the renewal of enrollment?
the academic bond is converted into locking
the academic bond is converted into locking by the Course Coordinator
Who should identify and record the reason for the absence of renewal of registration without justification?
Course coordinator
The academic performance coefficient is defined as the simple arithmetic average of the average grades taken, with or without approval, whose grades have been registered and released by the teachers in the Academic System (Siscad). The percentage of total hours taken with success is defined from the ratio between the hours of curricular components taken with approval and the total hours of the course. In the calculation, the curricular components exempted from studying resulting from curricular changes and curricular enrichment subjects will not be considered. Regardless of the value of the percentage of total hours taken successfully, curricular integration will only occur if all the curricular requirements of the current legislation have been met.
How is the total course load calculated?
from the ratio between the course load of curricular components taken with approval and the total course load
How is academic performance calculated?
The academic performance coefficient is defined as the simple arithmetic mean of the average achievement of subjects taken
the simple arithmetic mean of the average use of subjects taken
simple arithmetic mean of the average use of subjects taken
Where are the averages of the courses taken?
Siscad
Academic System
in the Academic System (Siscad)
What is the condition for curricular integration?
curricular integration will only occur if all the curricular requirements of the current legislation have been met
if all the curricular requirements of the current legislation have been met
all curriculum requirements of current legislation have been met
The period of placement of the student in the course is calculated from his admission at UFMS, subtracting the number of periods in which the enrollment was locked. After enrollment, in situations that require the preparation or revision of the Study Plan, the period of placement of the student is defined by the course coordinator. Students are guaranteed places in the disciplines allocated in their placement period, except when prerequisites are not met.
How is the student&#39;s positioning calculated in the course?
The period of placement of the student in the course is calculated from his admission at UFMS, subtracting the number of periods in which the enrollment was locked
subtracting the number of periods in which enrollment was locked
When are the vacancies in the disciplines allocated during the student&#39;s placement period not guaranteed?
when prerequisites are not met
When is the student&#39;s placement period defined by the course coordinator?
in situations that require the preparation or revision of the Study Plan
When does the calculation of the student&#39;s placement period in the course start?
from his entry at UFMS
from your admission to UFMS, subtracting the number of periods in which enrollment was locked
Academic research is carried out within the academy (university, college or other higher education institution), conducted by researchers who are commonly teachers, university students and independent researchers. Academic research is one of the three pillars of university activity, along with teaching and extension. It aims to produce knowledge for an academic discipline, as well as investigations related to the practice of teaching-learning processes. It also aims to relate the objective and subjective aspects of the reality that involves the object to be researched.
How many pillars does the university activity have?
three
What is the academy?
university, college or other higher education institution
Where is academic research conducted?
within the academy (university, college or other higher education institution)
university, college or other higher education institution
academy scope
By whom is academic research conducted?
teachers, university students and independent researchers
researchers
researchers who are commonly teachers, university students and independent researchers
What is the purpose of academic research?
produce knowledge for an academic discipline
produce knowledge for an academic discipline, as well as investigations related to the practice of teaching-learning processes
Bibliographic research covers reading, analysis and interpretation of books, periodicals, mimeographed or photocopied documents, maps, images, manuscripts, etc. All collected material must be subjected to a sorting, from which it is possible to establish a reading plan. It is an attentive and systematic reading that is accompanied by notes and records that, eventually, may serve as the theoretical foundation of the study. For all these reasons, it must be a routine both in the professional lives of teachers and researchers, as well as in students. This is because bibliographic research aims to discover the different scientific contributions available on a given topic. It supports all phases of any type of research, as it helps in defining the problem, in determining objectives, in building hypotheses, in justifying the justification for choosing the topic and in preparing the final report.
What phases of bibliographic research do you support?
all stages
all stages of any type of research
What is screening?
It is an attentive and systematic reading that is accompanied by notes and records
an attentive and systematic reading
Where should the material collected in the surveys be sent?
screening
What can screening be used for?
theoretical foundation of the study
may serve as the theoretical basis for the study
serve the theoretical foundation of the study
What is the purpose of screening in a survey?
establish a reading plan
What is the purpose of bibliographic research?
know the different scientific contributions available on a given topic
The field research proceeds to observe facts and phenomena exactly as they actually occur, to collect data related to them and, finally, to analyze and interpret these data, based on a consistent theoretical foundation, aiming at understanding and explaining the researched problem. Science and areas of study, such as Anthropology, Sociology, Social Psychology, Educational Psychology, Pedagogy, Politics and Social Work, often use field research to study individuals, groups, communities and institutions, with the aim of understanding the different aspects of a given reality.
What does science use field research for?
for the study of individuals, groups, communities and institutions
for the study of individuals, groups, communities and institutions, in order to understand the most different aspects of a given reality
Which areas of study do field research use frequently?
Anthropology, Sociology, Social Psychology, Educational Psychology, Pedagogy, Politics and Social Work
What is the basis for analyzing and interpreting the data collected from observing facts and phenomena exactly as they actually occur?
consistent theoretical foundation
What is the purpose of the analysis and interpretation of the collected data?
understand and explain the researched problem
What is the purpose of field research for Science?
understand the most different aspects of a given reality
Empirical research takes place through trial and error, and is carried out in any environment. These are research investigations whose main purpose is to test hypotheses that relate to cause and effect relationships. They involve: control groups, random selection and manipulation of independent variables. They employ rigorous sampling techniques to increase the possibility of generalizing the discoveries made with the experiment. Types: Empirical research can be carried out in the laboratory and in the field.
How does empirical research occur?
Empirical research takes place through trial and error
by trial and error
trial and error
In what environment is empirical research conducted?
any environment
What is the purpose of empirical research?
test hypotheses that relate to cause and effect relationships
Who are the actors in empirical research?
control groups, random selection and manipulation of independent variables
Research is used to establish or confirm facts, reaffirm the results of previous work, solve new or existing problems, support theorems and develop new theories. A research project can also be an expansion of past work in the field. To test the validity of instruments, procedures or experiences, the research can replicate elements of previous projects, or the project as a whole. The main objectives of basic research (as opposed to applied research) are documentation, discovery, interpretation, or research and development (R &amp; D) of methods and systems for the advancement of human knowledge. Approaches to research depend on epistemologies, which vary considerably within and between humanities and sciences. There are several forms of research: bibliographic, descriptive, laboratory, empirical, field, academic, scientific, humanities, artistic, economic, social, business, marketing, practical research, statistics, etc.
What is basic research opposed to?
opposition to applied research
applied research
applied research
Or what does R&amp;D mean?
Research and Development
Sometimes laboratory research is confused with experimental research, which is a mistake. Although the majority of laboratory research is experimental, human and social sciences often resort to laboratory research without experimental studies. In fact, what characterizes laboratory research is the fact that it occurs in controlled situations, using specific and precise instruments. Such research, whether carried out indoors or outdoors, in artificial or real environments, in all cases, requires an adequate environment, previously established and in accordance with the study to be carried out. Social Psychology and Sociology often use laboratory research, although fundamental aspects of human behavior may not always or, for ethical reasons, should never be studied and / or reproduced in the controlled laboratory environment
What is laboratory research confused with?
experimental research
What is indispensable for laboratory research?
a suitable environment
a suitable environment, previously established and according to the study to be carried out
Why should fundamental aspects of human behavior never be studied and / or reproduced in the controlled laboratory environment?
for ethical reasons
What types of instruments are used in experimental research?
specific and precise
What is the main characteristic of laboratory research?
the fact that it occurs in controlled situations
the fact that it occurs in controlled situations, using specific and precise instruments
Like any other type of research, field research starts from a bibliographic survey. It also requires the determination of the data collection techniques most appropriate to the nature of the theme and, also, the definition of the techniques that will be used for registration and analysis. Depending on the techniques of data collection, analysis and interpretation, field research may be classified as having a predominantly quantitative or qualitative approach. In a research in which the approach is basically quantitative, the researcher is limited to the factual description of this or that event, ignoring the complexity of social reality (Franco, 1985: 35).
Where does the field research start?
bibliographic survey
What are the requirements of field research?
It also requires the determination of the data collection techniques most appropriate to the nature of the topic and also the definition of the techniques that will be used for the registration and analysis
the determination of the data collection techniques most appropriate to the nature of the theme and, also, the definition of the techniques that will be used for the registration and analysis
What are the types of field research approach?
field research can be classified as having a predominantly quantitative or qualitative approach
quantitative or qualitative
What kind of approach ignores the complexity of social reality?
quantitative
The type of research that is classified as &quot;descriptive&quot;, has as premise to seek the resolution of problems by improving practices through observation, analysis and objective descriptions, through interviews with experts for the standardization of techniques and content validation (THOMAS; NELSON; SILVERMAN, 2009). Descriptive research uses textual patterns, such as questionnaires to identify knowledge. IBGE conducts descriptive research. Descriptive research aims to observe, record and analyze the phenomena without, however, entering into the merits of their content. In the descriptive research there is no interference from the researcher, who only tries to perceive, with the necessary care, the frequency with which the phenomenon happens. It is important to carry out a complete analysis of these questionnaires in order to reach a conclusion.
What are the means used by descriptive research to improve practices?
observation, analysis and objective descriptions
What is the purpose of descriptive research?
observe, record and analyze the phenomena without, however, entering into the merits of their content
What is the researcher&#39;s interest in descriptive research?
the frequency with which the phenomenon happens
What is the principle of descriptive research?
seek problem solving by improving practices through observation, analysis and objective descriptions, through interviews with experts to standardize techniques and validate content
Which is a Brazilian agency that conducts descriptive research?
IBGE
A research and / or investigation is a systematic process for the construction of human knowledge, generating new knowledge, and it can also develop, collaborate, reproduce, refute, expand, detail, update, some pre-existing knowledge, serving basically both for the individual or group of individuals who carry it out and for the society in which it develops. Research as a regular activity can also be defined as the set of activities oriented and planned by the search for knowledge. The research professional (especially in the academic field) is called a researcher.
What does research build?
human knowledge
What can research do for pre-existing knowledge?
develop, collaborate, reproduce, refute, expand, detail, update
What is a researcher?
research professional
research professional (especially in the academic field)
What is the definition of research as a regular activity?
the set of activities oriented and planned by the search for knowledge
The National Examination for Admission to Graduate Studies in Computing (POSCOMP) is an exam applied in all regions of the country. In partnership with the Peruvian Computer Society, since 2006 the Examination has been held in Peru. POSCOMP tests knowledge in the field of Computing and has the specific objective of evaluating the knowledge of candidates for Graduate Programs in Computing offered in Brazil. The vast majority of graduate programs in the country use the POSCOMP result in some way in their selection process.
Since when did POSCOMP start being held in Peru?
2006
since 2006
What do Graduate Programs use in their selection process?
the result
the POSCOMP result
Where is POSCOMP applied?
applied in all regions of the country
in all regions of the country
What is the purpose of POSCOMP?
evaluate the knowledge of candidates for Graduate Programs in Computing
to evaluate the knowledge of candidates for Graduate Programs in Computing offered in Brazil
POSCOMP was conceived to allow candidates to attend Postgraduate Programs in Computing to participate in the selection processes in several Programs in the Country, without the need to travel to the headquarters of each of the Programs postulated by the candidate, thus fulfilling a strong role of social inclusion. The candidate takes the exam at the nearest place where he lives and the result of his exam is sent to all Programs that participate in POSCOMP, so the candidate can apply for a place in any of the graduate programs that participate in POSCOMP.
What did POSCOMP dispense with the need for?
travel to the headquarters of each of the Programs postulated by the candidate
Can POSCOMP applicants apply for a post in which graduate programs?
any of the graduate programs that participate in POSCOMP
Where does the POSCOMP candidate take the test?
The candidate takes the test in the place closest to where he lives
in the place closest to where you live
Where is the POSCOMP candidate&#39;s test result sent to?
for all Programs that participate in POSCOMP
What was POSCOMP designed for?
POSCOMP was designed to allow candidates to attend Postgraduate Programs in Computing to participate in the selection processes in various Programs in the Country
allow candidates to attend Computer Graduate Programs to participate in the selection processes in various Programs in the Country
What is a strong role played by POSCOMP?
social inclusion
social inclusion role
a strong role for social inclusion
The exam result is reported to the Programs. Each program is free to use the test results in the way that best suits you. The Programs can, for example, establish whether or not the test is mandatory, use all questions or only part of them, or assign different weights to specific questions. For this reason, SBC does not provide general and individual placement of candidates, only individual scores.
How can programs, for example, use test results?
establish whether or not to take the test, use all questions or only part of them, or assign different weights to specific questions
How should the test results be used by each program?
as best suits you
Who is the test result informed to?
Programs
to the Programs
What is the score provided by SBC?
individual score
The Programs may also use other criteria for the selection of candidates, such as letters of recommendation, student performance in his graduation, work plan proposed for Graduate Studies, publication of scientific papers and professional experience. Therefore, POSCOMP is not the only criterion for selecting candidates in the various graduate programs that use their results. Candidates who take the Exam have access to their results individually, as well as the indication of the right and wrong questions, the average and the standard deviation.
What do candidates have access to beyond the outcome?
indication of right and wrong questions, mean and standard deviation
What do candidates have access to?
Outcome
What other criteria for selecting applicants can the programs use?
letters of recommendation, student performance in his graduation, proposed work plan for the Graduate Program, publication of scientific papers and professional experience
It is important to note that the exam is not linked to enrollment in any specific Program. POSCOMP is an independent test and constitutes just one more criterion for the selection of candidates by the Educational Institutions that offer Postgraduate courses in Computing. Instructions on enrollment and on the selection process for each specific Program are available at the respective Educational Institutions, without any interference from SBC.
What is the examination not linked to?
enrollment in any specific Program
Is there any interference from whom in the instructions on registration and on the selection process?
SBC
What does POSCOMP constitute for the selection of candidates by the Educational Institutions?
just one more of the criteria for selecting candidates
Where are instructions on registration and selection process available?
in the respective Teaching Institutions
are made available in the respective Teaching Institutions
The justification for the creation of professional master&#39;s and doctoral degrees was the need to strengthen relations between universities and the productive sector for advanced professional training. For this, the objectives of these programs are: to train professionals to exercise advanced professional practice; transfer knowledge to society; articulate professional training with the need for public or private organizations, increasing their productivity and competitiveness.
Why were professional graduate courses created?
need for closer relations between universities and the productive sector for advanced professional training
What is the usefulness of professional graduate courses for society?
transfer knowledge
transfer knowledge to society
The theory of computing started in the early years of the 20th century, before the invention of modern electronic computers. At that time, after the famous lecture by German mathematician David Hilbert in which he listed the biggest challenges in the field of mathematics for the coming century, mathematicians were looking at Hilbert&#39;s tenth problem trying to find out which mathematical problems could be solved by an effective method. , and which could not. The first step was to define the meaning of an &quot;effective method&quot; to solve the problem. In other words, they needed a formal model of computing.
What did mathematicians need to find out which mathematical problems could be solved by an effective method?
formal model of computing
needed a formal model of computing
a formal model of computing
What was Hilbert&#39;s problem that made mathematicians look at trying to find out which mathematical problems could be solved by an effective method?
tenth problem
Hilbert&#39;s tenth problem
Hilbert&#39;s tenth problem
Who listed the biggest challenges in the field of mathematics in the 20th century?
David Hilbert
Computer theory is a subfield of computer science and mathematics that seeks to determine what problems can be computed in a given model of computation. Computation can be defined as the solution of a problem or, formally, the calculation of a function using an algorithm. Although intuitive in human history, the concept of performing a task with finite steps in order to obtain a result, that is, an algorithm, did not have a formal definition until the conceptualization of the Universal Turing Machine model.
Computing theory is a subfield of which areas?
Computer theory is a subfield of computer science and mathematics
computer science and mathematics
of computer science and mathematics
How can computing be formally defined?
calculating a function using an algorithm
What is the purpose of computer theory?
Computer theory is a subfield of computer science and mathematics that seeks to determine which problems can be computed in a given computing model
seeks to determine which problems can be computed in a given computing model
determine which problems can be computed in a given computing model
What was the machine that formalized the concept of performing a task with finite steps?
Universal Turing Machine
In addition to generic computing models, some simpler computational models are useful for more restricted applications. Regular expressions, for example, are used to specify string patterns, being popular in UNIX applications and in some programming languages, such as Perl and Python. Another formalism mathematically equivalent to regular expressions is finite automata, which are used in circuit design and in some problem solving systems. Context-free grammars are used to specify the syntax of programming languages; an equivalent formalism, are the automata with stack, or automatic pushdown. Primitive recursive functions form a subclass of recursive functions.
What is specified by context-free grammars?
Context-free grammars are used to specify the syntax of programming languages
syntax of programming languages
What programming languages do regular expressions use?
Perl of Python
What is a formalism mathematically equivalent to regular expressions?
finite automata
finite automata
Several different models of computing were proposed by the early researchers. One model, known as the Turing Machine, proposed the construction of a universal machine, capable of operating with a sequence of instructions and data interspersed on a tape of infinite length; the machine could operate on one point of the tape at a time using a read and write head, thus executing the programming that is passed to it. Another model is based on recursive functions composed to operate directly on numbers. A similar approach is lambda calculation. Another class of approaches works with grammatical rules operating on strings, as is the case with Markov chains and Post systems.
What did the turing machine use to operate on one point of the tape at a time?
the machine could operate on one point of the tape at a time using a read and write head
a read and write head
using a read and write head
Which computational model proposed the construction of a universal machine capable of operating with a sequence of instructions?
Turing machine
known as the Turing Machine
In 2017, the number of professional master&#39;s degrees in Brazil reached 790 courses against 3,524 academic master&#39;s courses. Professional programs are closer to the North American postgraduate model, such as the MBA (MBA that, in Brazil, has long been considered - like any other Lato Sensu Master&#39;s Degree - not as being a &quot;regular&quot; course / CAPES), with a growing increase in demand and supply.
What was the number of academic master&#39;s degrees in Brazil in 2017?
3.524
3,524 masters courses
In 2017, the number of professional master&#39;s degrees in Brazil reached 790 courses against 3,524 academic master&#39;s courses
Which of the postgraduate models in Brazil that come close to that of the North American?
MBA
This ordinance clearly distinguished the Professional Master from the Academic Master, characterizing the first as geared to the use of the scientific method for the solution of real and multidisciplinary problems of organizations, while the second has the objective of providing the student with the use of the scientific method academic research problems in a given area of knowledge. The academic work to obtain the title of professional master is a dissertation with defense before a board, as in the academic master&#39;s degree, but there are other requirements (such as building prototypes and developing functional software, among others).
How is the academic master&#39;s degree characterized according to the ordinance?
use of the scientific method in academic research problems in a given area of knowledge
provide the student with the use of the scientific method in academic research problems in a given area of knowledge
aims to provide the student with the use of the scientific method in academic research problems in a given area of knowledge
What is the academic work for obtaining a master&#39;s degree?
The academic work to obtain the title of professional master is a dissertation with defense before a board
dissertation with defense in front of a board
In Brazil, students have the option to choose between public and private colleges. The demand for places at public universities is enormous, not only because of their free access, but also because of their excellence: most federal and state universities are among the best in the country. There is also the possibility for students to apply for scholarships offered by the government through the University for All Program, ProUni, which offers full and partial scholarships of 50% through competition for grade obtained in Enem (National High School Exam): in these, competition is also very high due to the number of places offered, and not all universities in the country participate. In addition to ProUni, there are other government study financing programs where it finances its studies for the student, leaving the installments smaller than the college tuition, and extending the payment term, due to the high prices charged by the institutions quality education in the country.
What college options do Brazilian students have?
public and private
Which government program offers full and partial scholarships through the Enem score?
University for All Program
University for All Program, ProUni
In Brazil, it is possible to take, generally, two subjects in the Master&#39;s Program or even undergraduate courses without passing the selection exam. Enrollments usually take place in the same period as the Master&#39;s Selection Process. After selection of the approved regulars, the non-regular candidate may enroll in both disciplines without, however, having any effective link with the Higher Education Institution. Later, you can request the use of the two subjects taken as a Special Student in your undergraduate course (provided you have completed high school) or postgraduate (provided you have completed graduation) until the date of enrollment, otherwise you will not be able to ask use of the subjects taken, as these will only be used as an extracurricular teaching and extension activity.
Should the candidate have an effective link with whom to enroll without passing the selection exam?
Higher Education Institution
What happens if the Special Student does not require the use of the two subjects taken until the enrollment date?
these will only apply as an extracurricular teaching and extension activity
When do enrollments take place to take courses in the master&#39;s program without passing the selection exam?
in the same period as the Master&#39;s Selection Process
The Professional Master&#39;s degree is a stricto sensu post-graduation modality, which was recognized in Brazil in 1998. In 2017, the doctorate also started to admit the professional modality. Currently, the master&#39;s and professional doctorate are regulated by Portaria MEC nº 389, of March 23, 2017, and Portaria CAPES nº 131, of June 28, 2017.
In what year was the professional master&#39;s degree recognized in Brazil?
1998
When did the doctorate start to admit the professional modality in Brazil?
2017
The Master in Business Administration (in English, Master in Business Administration) is considered a specialization in Brazil (post-graduation lato sensu). The specializations are not subject to a systematic assessment by the Coordination for the Improvement of Higher Education Personnel, but to a less thorough assessment by the Ministry of Education. Safe indicators of the regularity of the course are proof of institutional accreditation and the statement that the course meets the requirements listed by Resolution CNE / CES nº 1/2007.
What are specializations subject to?
less in-depth appreciation
less in-depth assessment by the Ministry of Education
The master&#39;s in business administration is considered what in Brazil?
Specialization
specialization (lato sensu graduate)
lato sensu graduate
Who appreciates specialization courses in Brazil?
Ministry of Education
The doctorate is obtained with the defense of a thesis, which must be an original work. Direct entry to the doctorate is aimed at scientific research instead of teaching as in the case of the master&#39;s degree. The development agencies, which in the 1980s and 1990s encouraged Brazilians to go abroad for a doctorate, concluded in the last decade that Brazil already has doctoral courses of sufficient quality so that it is possible to take them in the country and no more abroad. While the National Council for Scientific and Technological Development and the Research Support Foundation of the State of São Paulo grant very few doctoral scholarships abroad, the Coordination for the Improvement of Higher Education Personnel maintains concessions, but in a number that tends to decrease. The priority of the agencies, currently, is the granting of sandwich internships, that is, of periods of six months to an academic year so that the doctoral student, registered in Brazil, can contact advanced centers abroad and make contacts that then it will develop [citation needed]. Usually, the sandwich internship takes place during the third year of the course.
What is the master&#39;s degree aimed at?
teaching
In which year of course does the sandwich internship take place?
third year
What does the doctoral student defend?
thesis
Which foundation of the state of São Paulo grant doctoral scholarships abroad?
Research Support Foundation
São Paulo State Research Support Foundation
Who concluded that Brazil already has doctoral courses of sufficient quality?
Promotion agencies
development agencies
Graduate education is for those who already have an undergraduate diploma. In Brazil, since the Newton Sucupira opinion, approved by the Federal Council of Education in 1965, postgraduate courses are divided into two aspects: lato sensu and stricto sensu.
Who is it for postgraduate studies?
individuals who already have a degree
What are the types of graduate courses?
lato sensu and the strict sensu
the sensuous side and the strict sensuous
The academic master&#39;s degree aims to initiate the student in research. The knowledge area is well focused and constitutes a subset of the professional area (the one studied throughout an undergraduate course). In addition to more advanced disciplines, which include a significant portion of individual bibliographic research and interpretation work, an initiation work on scientific research is developed. It is expected that at the end of the course the student will have acquired the ability to develop autonomous work. This work is characterized by the search for references, methods and current technologies and its application in a creative way. It is also expected to demonstrate the ability to write scientific texts. This ability is evidenced, mainly, by the text of the master&#39;s dissertation. It is desirable to publish or submit an article (s) in recognized specialized journals and conference proceedings, during and after the course, which will highlight the importance of the research carried out and its recognition by academic peers.
What evidences the student&#39;s ability to write scientific texts in autonomous works?
This ability is evidenced, mainly, by the text of the master&#39;s thesis
for the text of the master&#39;s dissertation
master&#39;s thesis text
What is expected of the final student of the master&#39;s course?
ability to develop autonomous work
What is the purpose of the master?
The academic master&#39;s objective is to initiate the student in research
start the student in research
What is the main characteristic of self-employment?
search for references, current methods and technologies and their application in a creative way
What kind of work is developed in the master&#39;s courses?
In addition to more advanced disciplines, which include a significant portion of individual bibliographic research and interpretation work, a work of initiation to scientific research is carried out
initiation to scientific research
a work of initiation to scientific research is developed
The lato sensu postgraduate courses, at a specialization level, are regulated by Resolution CNE / CES nº 1, of June 8, 2007. The minimum duration of these courses is 360 hours, in addition to the time for the preparation of a monograph or completion of course work. The specialization gives the graduate the opportunity to continue his studies by qualifying for teaching and specializing in areas of knowledge aimed at the world of work, which may be an area directly linked to the first degree or not. In some countries, credits for lato sensu certificates may count as the first year of a master&#39;s degree in the same field.
What is the time beyond 360 hours of specialization?
destined to the elaboration of monograph or work of conclusion of course
preparation of monograph or course conclusion work
preparation of a monograph or course conclusion work
What level of postgraduate courses are regulated by resolution CNE / CES nº 1?
Specialization
All of the formalisms proposed above are equivalent in terms of computational power — that is, any computation that can be performed with one model can be performed with any of the other models. Still in theoretical terms, the proposed models are equivalent to electronic computers, as long as there are no memory restrictions involved. In fact, it is believed that all theoretically possible formalizations for the concept of algorithm are equivalent in power to a Turing machine; this is the Church-Turing thesis. The questions regarding the possibility of performing certain types of computation on certain types of machines (or theoretical formalism) are investigated by the theory of computability.
The proposed models are equivalent to what?
electronic computers, as long as there are no memory restrictions involved
electronic computers
electronic computers, as long as there are no memory restrictions involved
Which theory investigates the questions regarding the possibility of performing certain types of computation on certain types of machines?
computability theory
lato sensu are courses more directed to professional performance and updating graduates at the higher level: technologists, graduates or bachelors. In this category are: improvement courses with a maximum workload of 359 hours; specialization courses with a workload of at least 360 hours; as well as the courses designated as MBA (from the English Master in Business Administration, &quot;master in business administration&quot;), which are not comparable to master&#39;s degrees, contrary to what happens in the United States.
What are lato sensu courses aimed at?
professional performance and updating of graduates
professional performance and updating of graduates in higher education
professional performance and updating of graduates at higher level: technologists, graduates or bachelors
Where are the courses designated as MBA comparable to master&#39;s degrees?
U.S
What are the graduates at the top level?
technologists, graduates or bachelors
What is the maximum workload of the lato sensu improvement courses?
359
359 hours
stricto sensu are courses aimed at scientific and academic training and also linked to research. There are academic and professional masters and doctorate levels. The master&#39;s course has the recommended duration of two to two and a half years, during which the student develops a dissertation and takes courses related to his research. Doctorates have an average duration of four years, to fulfill the disciplines, carry out the research and prepare the thesis.
What are the stricto sensu courses connected to?
search
What does the doctorate have an average duration of four years?
research and for the elaboration of the thesis
What is the average length of a doctorate?
Doctorates have an average duration of four years
four years
In several European countries, for example, France and Germany, the title of professor is also reserved, in universities, only for senior professors. Contrary to what happens in English-speaking countries, however, promotion at the Teacher level requires that, in addition to the academic degree of a doctor, the candidate must also go through the Qualification process (similar to the former Full Professor in Brazil), which normally requires the submission of a second thesis (monographic or cumulative) and a public class given before a panel of specialists. In general, it takes several years of professional or academic experience after completing a doctoral degree for an individual to qualify for a Qualification.
What does it take for an individual to qualify to obtain a teacher qualification in European countries?
several years of professional or academic experience
several years of professional or academic experience after completing the PhD
What is the requirement for promotion at the teacher level in Germany?
promotion at the Professor level requires that, in addition to the academic degree of doctor, the candidate must also go through the Qualification process
the candidate also goes through the Qualification process
Members of a university faculty who have a doctorate degree, but have not yet passed the qualification, are usually designated as Maître de conférences (&quot;master of conferences&quot;) in France, and wissenschaftlicher Assistent (&quot;scientific assistant&quot;) or akademischer Rat ( &quot;academic adviser&quot;) in Germany, therefore not using the designation &quot;teachers&quot;. Some German states have recently introduced the position of Junior professor, equivalent to Assistant Professor in the United States, and dispensing with the need for Qualification.
Junior professor is equivalent to that in the USA?
Assistant Professor
What do faculty members go through before being appointed Maître de conférences?
Qualification
In Brazil, a teacher is the professional who teaches classes or courses at all educational levels, namely: Early childhood education, Elementary school, High school and Higher education, and Professional education. On October 15th, Teachers&#39; Day is celebrated. In Portugal, the teaching status is defined by the Ministry of Education, responsible for general education policy. Throughout the country, there are several teachers&#39; unions, the largest teaching union federation in the country being the National Teachers Federation (FENPROF). In the academic career (university), the progression is Assistant Professor, Associate Professor and Full Professor.
What is the ministry of education responsible for in Portugal?
general education policy
What are the educational levels?
Early childhood education, Elementary school, High school and Higher education, and Professional education
What is the largest teaching union federation in Portugal?
FENPROF
National Teachers Federation
National Federation of Teachers (FENPROF)
Who is a professional who teaches classes or courses at all educational levels in Brazil?
professor
In the United Kingdom, the use of the title Professor is even more restricted than in the United States, being reserved only for senior professors at universities. The initial level of academic career at British universities, normally open to individuals already holding a doctoral degree, is called Lecturer. Following are the levels of Senior Lecturer, Reader and, finally, Professor, the latter reached only by a very small number of individuals who are usually heads of academic departments or hold a personal chair. Roughly speaking, Lecturers in the British system would be equivalent to Assistant Professors in the American system, while the title of Reader would be equivalent to Associate Professor or Professor in the United States. The title of Professor itself in the United Kingdom would in turn be comparable to a Distinguished Professor or University / Institute Professor in the United States. As in the United States, elementary and high school teachers in the United Kingdom are called teachers, never teachers.
What is the beginner in academic career at British universities called?
Lecturer
The initial level of academic career at British universities, normally open to individuals already holding a doctoral degree, is called Lecturer
Lecturers are equivalent to what in the USA?
Assistant Professors
What are teachers in the UK usually about?
heads of academic departments
heads of academic departments or hold a personal chair
In the United States, the term Professor is reserved only for individuals who teach at higher education institutions (college or university). Elementary or high school teachers are called Teachers. In addition to teaching itself, Professors at American universities are mainly dedicated to research activities, including mentoring graduate students. In general, an academic doctoral degree (Ph.D. or equivalent) is required to enter the teaching career at US universities at the initial Assistant Professor level. After a few years, an Assistant Professor can be promoted to Associate Professor (Associate Professor) and later to Full Professor (Full Professor, or simply Professor). A small number of full professors who stand out for their research activities are named Distinguished Professors (or Endowed Professors), that is to say, they have a personal chair designated by a specific name (usually the name of the sponsor, natural or legal person, who financed / finances the chair).
Who is the title of professor in the United States reserved for?
only to individuals who teach at higher education institutions
only to individuals who teach at higher education institutions (college or university)
individuals who teach at higher education institutions
What are elementary or high school teachers in the USA called?
Teachers
Where should a person teach in order to be considered a teacher in the United States?
college or university
in higher education institutions
higher education institutions
What is the main activity of teachers in the USA?
research activities
research activities, including mentoring graduate students
What is the academic degree required to enter the teaching career?
Ph.D. or equivalent
doctor
doctor (Ph.D. or equivalent)
Which teachers have a personal chair?
full professors who stand out for their research activities
A teacher or professor is a person who teaches science, art, technique or other knowledge. To exercise this profession, academic and pedagogical qualifications are required, so that you can transmit / teach the study material in the best possible way to the student. It is one of the most important professions, given that most others depend on it. Plato, in his work A República, warned of the importance of the role of the teacher in the formation of citizens. World Teachers&#39; Day is celebrated on 5 October. In Brazil, Teacher&#39;s Day is ten days later, on October 15th.
What can a teacher teach?
science, art, technique or other knowledge
What does a teacher need to practice?
academic and pedagogical qualifications
academic and pedagogical qualifications, so that you can transmit / teach the study material in the best possible way to the student
Why is it necessary for a teacher to have academic and pedagogical qualifications?
so that you can transmit / teach the study material in the best possible way to the student
What is World Teachers&#39; Day?
October 5th
Which work warned of the importance of the teacher&#39;s role in the formation of citizens?
In the Republic
The Course Coordination must request the offer of these classes to the Direction of the Sectorial Administration Unit in which the discipline is located. The launches in the Academic Control System (Siscad), referring to the special academic period, must precede, at least, by five working days, the expected date for enrollment of the subsequent regular academic period. Academic activities, in the special academic period, must comply with the provisions in force for the regular academic period, except with regard to duration.
Who should the course coordinator request to offer classes?
Direction of the Sector Administration Unit in which the discipline is located
How many days at least should the launches of the special school period in Siscad precede the enrollment date of the subsequent regular school period?
five working days
The approval in the disciplines will depend on the frequency and the average of achievement expressed in note. The use of learning will be verified, in each discipline, considering the academic performance during the academic period, in view of the objectives contained in the Teaching Plan. The verification of academic performance will be carried out through assessment instruments. The number and nature of the instruments and academic assessments must be the same for all academics enrolled in the class. In each discipline, the Teaching Plan schedule must include at least two mandatory academic assessments and one optional assessment. The grades of academic assessments that can be replaced by an optional assessment grade must be specified in the Teaching Plan. The workload destined to carry out the optional assessments should not be counted in the course workload. The grades of all academic evaluations that will compose the average of achievement must be released, at least, three days before the optional evaluation.
How will the academic performance be verified?
through assessment instruments
What does approval in the disciplines depend on?
frequency and average use
frequency and average performance expressed in a note
What is the minimum deadline for the disclosure of grades for all assessments that will make up the average grade?
three days before the optional evaluation
How many mandatory assessments should there be in each discipline?
two
at least two evaluations
How many optional assessments should there be in each discipline?
an
After the enrollment validation period and depending on the availability of places, there may be enrollment in isolated subjects for special students. The application must be filed with the Academic Secretariat of the Sectorial Administration Unit of the discipline&#39;s capacity, within a period set in the Academic Calendar. The special student cannot enroll in Mandatory Internship, Complementary Activities and / or Course Completion Work. The academic who has studies carried out as a special student at UFMS or in another Undergraduate Course prior to entering UFMS may request, from the Course Collegiate, the use of the courses taken with approval, within the deadlines set out in the Academic Calendar. Only studies carried out in an undergraduate course authorized or recognized by the competent body will be used. Studies carried out abroad can be used as long as the legality of the course and the institution of origin is proven, and that the original documents have consular authentication and translation, carried out by a public or sworn translator. The use of studies will be done according to specific regulations. The student participating in the Student Mobility Program will have the benefit of studies carried out according to specific regulations. After studying the academic, the Study Plan must be approved by the Course Collegiate and filed in the student&#39;s portfolio.
Enrollment in isolated subjects depends on what?
the existence of vacancies
depending on the availability of vacancies
existence of vacancies
Who should be asked to take the courses taken in another undergraduate course?
Course Collegiate
What subjects cannot the special student enroll in?
Mandatory Internship, Complementary Activities and / or Course Conclusion Work
Can studies carried out abroad be used?
Studies carried out abroad can be used as long as the legality of the course and the institution of origin is proven
Studies carried out abroad may be used as long as the legality of the course and the institution of origin is proven, and that the original documents have consular authentication and translation, carried out by a public or sworn translator.
provided that the legality of the course and of the home institution is proven
The use of studies is done according to what?
Studies will be used in accordance with specific regulations
specific regulations
will be done according to specific regulations
When can special students enroll in isolated subjects?
After the registration validation period
The subjects of Mandatory Internship, Complementary Activities and Course Completion Work will admit different treatment regarding the period of performance of their activities and the learning verification process, according to their own regulations. The regulations for the subjects of Mandatory Internship, Complementary Activities and Course Completion Work must be considered by the Course Collegiate and approved by the Sectorial Administration Unit Council that offers the course. Those responsible for the disciplines of Mandatory Internship, Complementary Activities and Course Conclusion Work must register, for academic control purposes, the final result of approved (AP) or disapproved (RP). The mandatory internship hours must be fully fulfilled by the academic.
Which subjects have different treatment regarding the learning verification process?
The subjects of Mandatory Internship, Complementary Activities and Course Conclusion Work
Mandatory Internship, Complementary Activities and Course Completion Work
What are the final results that must be recorded for course completion work?
pass (AP) or fail (RP)
Notes and frequencies must be posted in the Academic System within the deadlines defined in the Academic Calendar. For each discipline taken, the professor must assign to the academic an Average of Achievement (MA), in the form of numerical degrees with a decimal place from 0.0 (zero point zero) to 10.0 (ten point zero). To be approved in the discipline, the academic must obtain a frequency equal to or greater than seventy-five percent and Average Achievement (MA) equal to or greater than 6.0 (six point zero). It will be the responsibility of the Course Collegiate to establish pedagogical measures for correction and prevention of high failure rates and low performance in evaluations. A score of 0.0 (zero point zero) will be given for each event to the academic who does not carry out academic work or does not attend the evaluations.
What should the professor assign to the academic?
Average Utilization
an Average Achievement (MA)
Where should notes and frequencies be released?
Notes and frequencies must be entered in the Academic System
Academic System
in the Academic System
What should be the frequency of the academic to be approved in a discipline?
seventy-five percent or more
Who should correct and prevent high failure rates?
Course Collegiate
Baccalaureate: Professional Training Graduation Course. Course Hours: number of class hours obtained by adding the hours of the curricular components provided for in the Course&#39;s Pedagogical Project. Semester Workload: number of class hours obtained by adding the workloads of the disciplines allocated in the semester, as provided in the Pedagogical Project of the Course. Curricular Component: it is each of the academic disciplines or activities that make up the Curricular Matrix of the Course. Discipline: is the set of studies and / or activities corresponding to a teaching program developed in an academic period.
The curriculum of the course is composed of what?
Curricular component
Where is the course load of the curriculum components planned?
Course Pedagogical Project
in the Pedagogical Project of the Course
What is the type of undergraduate course that trains professionals?
bachelor degree
Optional Discipline: complementary discipline of the profile and the competences and skills of the academic formation according to the Pedagogical Project of the course. Exclusion due to Jubilation: loss of academic relationship with UFMS for exceeding the maximum time for curricular integration provided for in the Pedagogical Project of the Course. Class Time: period in which the programmatic contents of a discipline are developed, promoting interaction between the teacher and the academic. Assessment Instruments: tests (written, practical or oral), theoretical or practical work, reports, seminars, debates, among others, as programmed in the Teaching Plan.
Is there an interaction between who in class?
the teacher and the academic
professor and the academic
Where is the maximum time for curricular integration calculated?
Course Pedagogical Project
Where are the contents of a discipline developed?
Classroom Time
Who is excluded by retirement loses the academic link with whom?
UFMS
Curricular Payment: compliance with the course load and curriculum structure, provided for in the Course Pedagogical Project. Licenciatura: Graduation Course modality for the exercise of teaching. Curriculum Matrix: set of curricular components distributed by subjects and activities with their respective workloads. Home Exercise Scheme: substitution of classes not attended by the student for activities carried out in the home or hospital environment, ensuring that the student is able to provide, at another time, the tests that were applied during the period of absence.
What does the home exercise regime replace?
classes not attended by the academic
Where are the activities of academics in the home exercise regime?
home or hospital environment
What is the modality of undergraduate education for?
exercise of teaching
When can the academic exercising at home exercise the tests that were applied during the leave?
in another time
In the year of implementation of a new curricular matrix, students with the expectation of graduating from the previous curricular matrix in that year may be enrolled in disciplines without having met all the necessary prerequisites for enrollment. Registration renewal consists of three consecutive phases: registration, confirmation and validation. The enrollment in the disciplines will be carried out online, by the academic, and will consist of the choice of the listed disciplines, respecting the prerequisites. Confirmation of enrollment will be made by the Course Coordination, upon presentation, by the academic, of the printed application form in two copies, on the date specified in the Academic Calendar, which must be signed by the Coordinator and the academic. The validation of the enrollment will be carried out with the approval of the Direction of the Sectorial Administration Unit and a copy of the document must be filed in the academic folder, in the Academic Secretariat. The renewal of enrollment will be converted, by the Course Coordination, into locking when there is no offer of subjects that the academic is able to take. The hours of optional courses for each Course may be fulfilled in the course itself or in any Sector Administration Unit.
In what year will graduate students be able to enroll in subjects without having met all the prerequisites?
In the year of implementation of a new curricular matrix
What must be respected in the registration of courses?
the prerequisites
What are the registration renewal phases?
registration, confirmation and validation
When is the renewal of registration converted to locking?
when there is no offer of subjects that the academic is able to take
Who approves the validation of the enrollment?
The validation of the registration will be carried out with the approval of the Direction of the Sectorial Administration Unit
Direction of the Sectorial Administration Unit
Who should submit the registration form in the registration confirmation?
academic
In the semiannual didactic regime of enrollment in disciplines, the school year comprises the regular periods of activities (the first and the second semesters) and the special school periods, offered between the regular periods. Regular periods of an academic year, regardless of the calendar year, cover at least two hundred days of effective academic activities. The Academic Calendar that establishes the deadlines for carrying out the academic activities of the Undergraduate Courses will be approved by the Undergraduate Teaching Council (Coeg), as proposed by the Dean of Undergraduate Education (Preg). In the event of interruption of academic activities within the scope of the course not provided for in the Academic Calendar, a replacement plan must be prepared by the Course Collegiate, providing for the full fulfillment of the workload of each discipline, and in compliance with the provisions of art. 1 of this Regulation.
What academic periods do the academic year include?
the first and second semesters
regular activity periods
regular activity periods
Who approves the academic calendar?
drive
Undergraduate Teaching Council
Undergraduate Teaching Council (Coeg)
When are special school periods offered?
between regular periods
How many days do regular periods in an academic year span?
two hundred
two hundred days
Who sets the deadlines for carrying out academic activities?
Academic Calendar
The Academic Calendar
The Course Collegiate Body, after hearing the Structuring Teaching Nucleus, may propose changes to the Curricular Matrix, as long as it presents justification, according to the deadlines set in the Academic Calendar. The curricular changes referred to in this article will be: inclusion or exclusion of subjects; change of nomenclature, capacity or workload of disciplines. The Course Coordinator must prepare a Study Plan for each student when the student migrates to a new Curriculum Matrix, observing the Table of Equivalences, aiming at fulfilling the curricular components. The academic will be exempt from fulfilling the new disciplines that are positioned in the semester prior to the one recommended in the Study Plan. The academic will be exempt from fulfilling the new disciplines that are positioned in the semester prior to the one recommended in the Study Plan. If in the Study Plan there is a lack of workload for curricular integration, the missing workload must be supplemented with new or optional subjects, at the discretion of the academic and availability of the discipline&#39;s offer.
What will the workload be completed with if there is a lack of curricular integration?
with new or optional subjects
Can the Course Collegiate propose changes to the curriculum matrix?
as long as it provides justification
provided it presents justification, in compliance with the deadlines set in the Academic Calendar
What is the purpose of preparing the study plan?
compliance with curricular components
Who prepares the academic plan of studies when migration to a new curricular matrix occurs?
Course coordinator
The academic will have the right to review his academic evaluations by addressing the professor, in the first instance, by means of a request filed at the Academic Secretariat of the Sectoral Administration Unit in which the course is offered, within three working days after the publication of the result. The teacher will have two working days to make a written statement about the request. The academic must affix his client to the response document, and receive a copy of it. The academic may appeal against the result of the review, at the Course Collegiate, via the Academic Secretariat, within five working days of his client. The Course Collegiate must establish a commission, composed of three professors, preferably from the area, being prohibited the inclusion of the professor who corrected the academic evaluation in question. The Commission should analyze the academic&#39;s request, consult the professor, if necessary, and issue an opinion on the result of the review, within a maximum period of fifteen days after the publication of the commission&#39;s constitution resolution, and forward it to the Collegiate Course for approval. . The professor of the discipline will be responsible for the alteration in Siscad, in case of modification of the grade resulting from the work of the Review Committee.
Who should the academic go to to review their academic assessments?
professor
How many teachers should the commission be composed of?
three
What is the deadline for the academic to request review of the academic evaluation?
within three working days after the disclosure of the result
three business days after the results are released
Who will be responsible for changing the student&#39;s grade on Siscad?
discipline teacher
The incoming candidate who is called for registration must provide the documentation provided for in the public notice and / or specific legislation. Candidates who do not appear within the deadline established in the registration notice, or do not present the required documentation, will not have their registration effective. The incoming academic according to items I and VI of art. 18 will be enrolled in all subjects foreseen for the first semester of the course and its enrollment can only be changed if there is use of previously studied subjects, according to the Study Plan prepared by the Course Coordinator. For the other forms of entry provided for in art. 18, the Course Coordinator, if he / she is taking advantage of Studies, must prepare a Study Plan for each student, and enrollment will be carried out in the disciplines provided for in the respective Plan. When enrolling, the academic undertakes to respect and comply with the specific, regimental and statutory rules of UFMS. It is up to the academic to keep their registration data updated, at the Academic Secretariat of the Sectoral Administration Unit that offers their course or at Siscad.
What happens if the candidate does not appear within the deadline established in the registration notice?
your registration will not be effective
Where is mentioned the documentation that must be provided by the new candidate?
notice and / or specific legislation
The control and record of attendance to academic activities will be the responsibility of the professor responsible for the discipline, and should be carried out in each class. The allowance for absences shall obey the current federal legislation. At the end of each month, the professor responsible for the discipline must disclose to students the number of attendance to classes effectively taught in the period. When there is a collective absence of academics enrolled in the discipline, at the place and time allocated to the class, the class hours will be recorded in the academic system with assignment of absence to the academics. The academic is entitled to recount the frequency, upon request addressed to the professor of the discipline and filed at the Academic Secretariat, within a maximum period of five working days after the disclosure. The result of the frequency recount request must be filed with the student in the academic file. There will be no appeal against the result of the frequency recount request.
What should the absence allowance obey?
current federal legislation
What is the deadline for the frequency recount?
five working days after disclosure
When should the discipline teacher disclose the number of attendance?
At the end of each month
At the end of each month, the professor responsible for the discipline must disclose to students the number of attendance to classes effectively taught in the period
Who controls and records the frequency of academic activities?
professor responsible for the discipline
The class schedule will be prepared by the Course Coordination, after consulting the Directorates of the Sector Administration Units that offer the subjects for the course, observing the deadlines defined by the Academic Calendar. The class schedules will be divided into three working shifts: morning: will comprise the activities carried out between 7 am and 12 pm, from Monday to Friday, afternoon: will include activities carried out between 12 am and 6 pm, from Monday to Friday, and night: it will include the activities carried out from 6 pm to 11 pm, from Monday to Friday. The courses will be able to carry out activities on Saturdays from 7 am to 6 pm and the course offered in more than one shift will be considered integral.
The morning shift includes activities carried out at what time?
7 to 12
from 7 am to 12 pm
Where are the deadlines for preparing class schedules defined?
Academic Calendar
defined by the Academic Calendar
by the Academic Calendar
Who does the course coordinator consult to prepare the class schedule?
Directorates of Sectorial Administration Units
Who prepares class schedules?
Course Coordination
The enrollment lockout will be granted for up to four consecutive or alternate semesters, with locking not allowed in the first two regular academic periods of admission of the student to UFMS, except in cases where it is impossible for the student to be contemplated with home exercise or summons. for Mandatory Military Service.
In which cases can the student lock the enrollment in the first two terms?
impossibility for the academic to be contemplated with home exercise regime or call for the Mandatory Military Service
How long can the registration be closed?
up to four semesters
for up to four semesters
The Teaching Plans of the disciplines must be approved by the Course Collegiate until the first day of the academic period, or, in the case of disciplines offered to multiple courses, they must be approved by the Council of the Sector Administration Unit that offers the respective disciplines, after hearing the Collegiate Courses involved. The opening of Siscad for launches, by the teacher, will only happen after the Teaching Plan is released in the system. The professor of the discipline must present the Teaching Plan to the academics in the first class. In regular school terms, each class must have at least ten students, and the Course Board may, exceptionally, authorize classes with a smaller number.
What should the teacher present to students in the first class?
Teaching Plan
What is the approval period for the subjects&#39; teaching plan?
until the first day of the term
When can teachers launch on Siscad?
The opening of Siscad for launches, by the teacher, will only happen after the Teaching Plan is released in the system
after the Teaching Plan was released in the system
will only take place after the Teaching Plan is released in the system
How many students should at least the classes have in regular school terms?
ten
An academic day will be considered, for the purpose of complying with the Academic Calendar, one that effectively enables academic activities with the participation of academics and teachers. The special academic period takes place between two regular academic periods lasting a minimum of two and a maximum of six weeks, intended to offer mandatory and optional subjects at the discretion of the Course Collegiate. Each class must have a minimum of ten students, and the Course Board may, exceptionally, authorize classes with a smaller number.
What should the school day be considered for?
compliance with the Academic Calendar
enable academic activities to be carried out with the participation of academics and teachers
How long is a special term?
minimum two and maximum six weeks
What is the minimum number of students for a special class period?
ten
ten academics
What is the purpose of the special term?
offering mandatory and optional subjects
Academic Control System (Siscad): Computer system for the control, monitoring and dissemination of academic performance, in which information related to the frequency and results of academic evaluations are recorded, as well as the Teaching Plans of the subjects. Technological or Higher Technology: Graduation Course modality of professional training specialized in scientific and technological areas, which give the graduate the competence to work in specific areas, organized by technological axes, receiving the degree of technologist at the conclusion.
What are professionals trained in technological undergraduate or higher technology courses specialized?
scientific and technological areas
What does Siscad control, monitor and disseminate?
academic achievement
What do the graduates of technological courses receive?
technologist degree
What do technological courses confer on graduates?
competencies to work in specific areas
competencies to act in specific areas, organized by technological axes
What is Siscad?
Academic Control System
Course Completion Work: set of activities linking theoretical training and the beginning of professional experience, in which the student develops a final work that demonstrates mastery of the object of study (in the form of a monograph, project, case analysis, performance, artistic production, development of instruments, equipment, prototypes, among others, according to the nature of the area and the purposes of the course) and the ability to express oneself about it, according to the specific regulation attached to the Pedagogical Project of the course. Enrollment Lock: procedure that allows the academic to temporarily suspend his studies, maintaining the academic link with the Institution.
What does the course conclusion work link to?
theoretical training and beginning of professional experience
What does enrollment locking allow the academic?
temporarily suspend your studies
temporarily suspend their studies, maintaining the academic link with the Institution
When entering UFMS, the academic may request the Course Collegiate to take advantage of the studies carried out in undergraduate courses. Only studies carried out before entering UFMS in a course authorized or recognized by the Ministry of Education will be used. It will not be allowed to take advantage of studies of courses attended concurrently with that taken at UFMS. The use of Studies may be requested only once by the academic, during the course, within the deadlines established in the Academic Calendar. The disciplines of Compulsory Internship, Course Completion Work, and Complementary Activities are not subject to exemption due to the use of Studies.
Where are the deadlines for taking advantage of studies?
Academic Calendar
established in the Academic Calendar
in the Academic Calendar
Where can the academic request to take advantage of studies?
Course Collegiate
Which subjects are not usable by taking advantage of studies?
Mandatory Internship, Course Completion Work, and Complementary Activities
The disciplines of Compulsory Internship, Course Completion Work, and Complementary Activities are not subject to exemption due to the use of Studies.
the subjects of Mandatory Internship, Course Completion Work, and Complementary Activities
How many times can studies be requested?
only once
After the approval of the Study Plan, by the Course Collegiate, the academic load will be recorded in the academic record of the student at the institution of origin converted into a class hour of sixty minutes in the set of subjects dispensed; the DS code in the subjects dispensed; and the type of subject dispensed, for purposes of curricular integration. For the purpose of curricular integration, the counting of the elapsed time will be made from the admission of the academic at UFMS. The number of semesters, prior to the academic semester&#39;s qualification, will be subtracted from the maximum time for the curricular integration provided for in the Course Pedagogical Project, if the academic has not yet attended any semester after entering the course.
From what moment will the elapsed time be counted?
from the admission of the student to UFMS
Why is the counting of the elapsed time made from the admission of the student to UFMS?
For the purpose of curricular integration
Who assigns the DS code in the subjects dispensed in the student&#39;s transcript?
Course Collegiate
Course Coordinator may, if deemed necessary, consult with teachers who teach or have taught the respective subjects. After the Curriculum Analysis, the Course Coordinator will proceed as follows to prepare the Study Plan: list the disciplines to be taken by the academic, located in each semester of the course; identify, in each semester, which subjects were dispensed by curriculum analysis; verify the existence of prerequisites between the disciplines of the most advanced semester and previous semesters; fit the academic, preferably, in the semester closest to the initial one in which he / she has the greatest workload of subjects to be taken, provided that the subjects to be taken do not require, as prerequisites, subjects allocated in previous semesters in the course curriculum matrix; and, in the case of the existence of prerequisites that prevent the academic&#39;s qualification as provided in item IV of this article, the academic must be qualified in the previous semester for which the condition expressed in item IV is satisfied.
Who should the course coordinator consult if necessary?
teachers
teachers who teach or have taught the respective subjects
Which semester should the academic preferably be enrolled?
in the semester closest to the initial one in which there is a higher workload of subjects to be taken
In which semester should the academic be placed in case there are prerequisites that prevent him from enrolling in the semester closest to the initial one in which he has the greatest workload of subjects to be taken?
previous semester for which the condition expressed in item IV is satisfied
What course coordinator should prepare the study plan after analyzing what?
Curriculum
The Study Utilization Process consists of the following steps: curriculum analysis, carried out by the Course Coordinator, about the equivalence between the subjects taken and the subjects of the curricular matrix of the course at UFMS; preparation, by the Course Coordinator, of the Study Plan; and resolution of the Course Collegiate approving the Study Plan and indicating the name, workload and type of disciplines dispensed, and the academic semester of qualification. The possible types of disciplines waived are: mandatory and optional.
What determines the student&#39;s qualification semester?
Course Collegiate Resolution
What does the course coordinator verify in the curriculum analysis?
equivalence between the subjects taken and the subjects of the curricular matrix of the course at UFMS
What are the possible types of subjects dispensed?
mandatory and optional
Who prepares the study plan of the student who is taking advantage of the studies?
Course coordinator
For the Analysis of the Curriculum, the academic must present: original of the School History, or photocopy authenticated in a notary, or photocopy that will be authenticated by the Academic Secretariat of the Sectorial Administration Unit of UFMS, of the Course&#39;s capacity, upon presentation of the original; copy of the Teaching Plans of the subjects taken, approved by the Course Collegiate or equivalent of the home institution, containing: the period of study, the official syllabus and the criteria for approval in the discipline; and copy of the Curricular Matrix of the original course, according to the Course&#39;s Pedagogical Project.
How can the academic authenticate the photocopy at the Academic Secretariat?
upon presentation of the original
What should the teaching plan contain?
the study period, the official syllabus and the criteria for passing the discipline
the study period, the official syllabus and the criteria for passing the discipline; and copy of the Curricular Matrix of the original course, according to the Course&#39;s Pedagogical Project
If in the Study Plan there is a lack of hours to complete the curriculum, the missing hours must be complemented with optional subjects. The Study Plan must contain, regarding the course at UFMS: the name of the course; the academic&#39;s name; and all the disciplines necessary to complete the Curriculum Matrix. For each subject dispensed (DS), the class load in class hours of sixty minutes must be indicated. For each discipline to be taken, mandatory or optional, the hourly load in class hours of sixty minutes and the semester foreseen for the course to be taken must be indicated.
How should the missing workload be supplemented in the event of a lack of workload for curricular integration?
with optional subjects
What should be included in the study plan for the course at UFMS?
the name of the course; the academic&#39;s name; and all the disciplines necessary for the integration of the Curriculum Matrix
What is the class load in class hours for subjects dispensed?
sixty minutes
If the transcript does not explicitly indicate the class time in the original undergraduate course, the workload of each discipline taken must be considered in class time of sixty minutes. If the School History explicitly indicates the class time in the original undergraduate course, the workload of each discipline taken must be converted into class time of sixty minutes, and if the converted value is not whole, the next larger one must be used. integer value.
The class hour should be how many minutes if the school record does not explicitly indicate it?
sixty
What value should be used if the converted class hour is not a whole hour?
next highest integer value
The workload of each activity is that contained in the document that proves the performance of the activity or in any other document where that workload is defined. For the specific cases of publication of papers, participation in collegiate bodies, participation in training and / or members of the polling station in the elections and response to the questionnaire of the student of the UFMS Appraisal Commission, there is: The workload of each published work is 68 hours. The workload for participation in collegiate bodies is computed by means of a copy of the attendance lists or the minutes of the meeting, with each meeting counting two hours. The number of hours of participation in training and specific activities as a member of the polling station in the elections will be double counted. The workload for answering the questionnaire by the student of the UFMS Own Evaluation Commission is 2 hours per questionnaire, provided that at least 75% of the questionnaire is answered.
How is the workload of participation in collegiate bodies computed?
by means of a copy of the attendance lists or the minutes of the meeting
through a copy of the attendance lists or the minutes of the meeting, with each meeting counting two hours
Where should the workload appear to prove that the activity has been carried out?
document proving the performance of the activity or in any other document where this workload is defined
What is the workload for publication of works?
68
68 hours
The workload of each published work is 68 hours
How many hours does each participation meeting in collegiate bodies count?
two
How much of the questionnaire must be answered in order for the student&#39;s response time to the questionnaire of the UFMS Own Evaluation Commission to be valid?
75%
The workload obtained in the Complementary Activities must be assessed and approved by the Course Collegiate in order to be computed. The academic concluding the Complementary Activities will be awarded the final result, approved or disapproved, to be recorded in his / her School History. Other activities not provided for in this Regulation may be counted as long as they are approved by the Course Collegiate. Omitted cases will be resolved by the Course Collegiate.
Can complementary activities not provided for in the notice be counted?
provided they are approved by the Course Collegiate
What must be done so that the hours of complementary activities are computed?
must be assessed and approved by the Course Collegiate
be appreciated and approved by the Course Collegiate
What are the possible final results for complementary activities?
pass or fail
Participation in scientific events must be proven through the participation certificate, which must contain the name of the event, the name of the participant, the location, the date on which it was held, the workload and the signature of the person responsible for the event . Teaching supervision must be proven by means of a declaration issued by the unit responsible for the discipline, which must contain, necessarily, the name of the monitor, the name of the discipline in which he / she worked, the place, the date (beginning and end) on which monitoring, workload, and the signature of the director of the discipline&#39;s offering unit were carried out.
How should teaching monitoring be proven?
declaration
through a declaration issued by the unit responsible for the discipline
by means of a statement issued by the unit responsible for the discipline, which must contain the name of the monitor, the name of the discipline in which he worked, the place, the date (beginning and end) when the monitoring was carried out, the load hourly, and the signature of the director of the discipline offering unit
What should be included in the certificate of participation in scientific events?
the name of the event, the name of the participant, the location, the date it was held, the workload and the signature of the person responsible for the event
Who issues the statement of monitoring performance?
unit responsible for the discipline
The Complementary Activities of the Computer Science course, as an integral part of the curriculum, includes extraclass activities relevant to the formation of the student of the referred course, and has a workload of 102 hours. This Regulation applies to all students of the Computer Science course as of the second semester of 2016. Activities must be carried out throughout the course, and can be done in any of the semesters taken by the student. Among the activities that can be used to supplement the workload of Complementary Activities are: Participation in scientific events (seminars, symposia, congresses, technological weeks and conferences), either as a listener or presenter; teaching monitoring; teaching project team members approved by a competent body; extension project team members approved by a competent body; team members of research projects approved by the competent agency; non-mandatory internships; scientific initiation activities; publication of scientific papers; participation in collegiate bodies; participation in courses relevant to the area, whether as a listener or a lecturer; subjects taken as curriculum enrichment; participation in training and specific activities as a member of the polling station in the elections; response to the questionnaire of the student of the UFMS Own Evaluation Commission; or other activities to be evaluated by the Course Collegiate.
In which semester can complementary activities be done?
any of the semesters taken by the student
Which activities are included in the complementary activities?
extraclass activities relevant to the training of the student of that course
What types of scientific events can be used to supplement the hours of complementary activities?
seminars, symposia, congresses, technology weeks and conferences
What is the workload of complementary activities?
102
102 hours
Requests for the use of activities must be made by means of a request addressed to the Course Collegiate, to be delivered to the Academic Secretariat of FACOM. In addition to a brief description of the application, the applicant must attach to the application certified copies of the documents that prove the performance of the activities and the associated workload. Success requests must be sent thirty days in advance of the end of the school semester. Copies of supporting documents can be authenticated at the academic secretariat of the Faculty of Computing, as long as the academic brings the original document and a simple copy of it, at the time of request for use. All vouchers for the activities carried out must be filed with the student&#39;s folder at the Academic Secretariat, and the student must keep the original documents and proof of delivery.
How should the request for use of complementary activities be made?
upon request addressed to the Course Collegiate
upon request addressed to the Course Collegiate, to be delivered to the Academic Secretariat of FACOM
What should be attached to the request to use complementary activities?
certified copies of the documents proving the performance of the activities and the associated workload
the applicant must attach to the application certified copies of the documents that prove the performance of the activities and the associated workload
Where should the request for use of complementary activities be delivered?
academic secretary
FACOM Academic Secretariat
When should requests for use of complementary activities be sent?
thirty days in advance of the end of the academic semester
Is it necessary that the copy of the supporting documents be authenticated?
provided the academic brings the original document and a simple copy of it
In many institutions, the TCC is seen as the final criterion for assessing the student: in case of failure, the student will be prevented from obtaining the diploma and consequently exercising the respective profession until it is approved. The scope and format of the TCC (as well as its own nomenclature) vary between different courses and between different institutions, but in the Brazilian curricular structure it has a prominent role: in science-related courses, it is usually a job that involves experimental research, in professional courses, it usually involves: bibliographic and / or empirical research, the execution itself and a presentation of a project before an examining board between 3 and 5 professors (not necessarily with Master or Doctor). The examining board formed for this purpose does not create any expectation of originality. Therefore, it can be a compilation (and not a copy) of other essays with a purpose, a guiding thread, or something that provides a script, a continuity.
How is CBT understood in institutions?
as the student&#39;s final evaluation criteria
What happens if the student fails the TCC?
will be prevented from obtaining the diploma
will be prevented from obtaining the diploma and consequently exercising the respective profession
the student will be prevented from obtaining the diploma
What does the CBT involve in science-related courses?
it&#39;s usually a job that involves experimental research
How many teachers make up the examining board?
between 3 and 5
between 3 and 5 teachers
between 3 and 5 teachers (not necessarily with Master or Doctor)
Guiding professors recommend to CBT students that the chosen topic be a subject with which the student has an affinity. He will spend perhaps a year or more writing on a particular subject. If it is not a catchy subject, it will be much more difficult for the student to live with him all this time. The topic should be sought through questions. A big question must be the beginning of an academic work. Something that hasn&#39;t been answered yet. Some area of the chosen course that still has something hidden from scientists. That is, that has thematic identity, that is to your liking. It must also meet the following premises: - that meets its academic and professional purposes; - that has the possibility of elaboration as to the existence of Bibliography.
How should the topic be sought?
through questions
What should the CBT theme address?
must meet the following premises: - that meets its academic and professional purposes; - that has the possibility of elaboration as to the existence of Bibliography
their academic and professional purposes
Which CBT theme is recommended?
a subject with which the student has an affinity
How long will the student spend writing the CBT?
maybe a year or more
a year or more
going to spend maybe a year or more writing about a certain subject
Course completion work, interdisciplinary undergraduate work, final undergraduate work, graduation project, experimental project or course monograph, with their respective acronyms, is a type of academic work in the Brazilian educational environment widely used in higher and technical courses, as a way to carry out a final assessment of students, which contemplates the diversity of aspects of their educational background.
How is the course completion work used?
as a way to make a final assessment of students
as a way to carry out a final assessment of students, which contemplates the diversity of aspects of their educational background
What does the course conclusion work contemplate?
the diversity of aspects of their educational background
TI is a major force in the areas of finance, transportation planning, design, goods production, as well as in the press, editorial activities, music and film production, radio and television. The increasingly rapid development of new information technologies has changed libraries and documentation centers (main places for storing information), introducing new forms of organization and access to stored data and works; it reduced costs and accelerated the production of newspapers and enabled the instant formation of television networks worldwide. In addition, such development facilitated and intensified personal and institutional communication, through word processing programs, database formation, desktop publishing, as well as technologies that allow the transmission of documents, sending messages and files, as well as queries to remote computers (via the global computer network, such as the Internet). The diffusion of new information technologies has also brought impasses and problems, mainly related to the privacy of individuals and their right to information, as citizens generally do not have access to a large amount of information about them, collected by private or public institutions.
What are the impasses and problems brought about by the diffusion of new technologies?
privacy of individuals and their right to information
In what areas is IT a major force?
IT is a major force in the areas of finance, transport planning, design, goods production, as well as in the press, editorial activities, music and film production, radio and television
finance, transport planning, design, goods production, as well as in the press, editorial activities, music and film production, radio and television
in the areas of finance, transportation planning, design, goods production, as well as in the press, editorial activities, music and film production, radio and television
What has the spread of new information technologies brought in addition to facilities?
The diffusion of new information technologies also brought impasses and problems
deadlocks and problems
also deadlocks and problems
What has changed libraries and documentation centers?
The increasingly rapid development of new information technologies
The increasingly rapid development of new information technologies has changed libraries and documentation centers
What has the increasingly rapid development of new technologies reduced?
costs
Why did the diffusion of new technologies bring problems related to individuals&#39; right to information?
because citizens generally don&#39;t have access to a lot of information about them
because citizens generally do not have access to a large amount of information about them, collected by private or public institutions
Who collects information about individuals?
private or public institutions
Information Technology continues to advance steadily, but at the same time its management in terms of security, does not keep pace with security policies and is not yet at a level that can be considered efficient. With so many resources available and almost limitless possibilities, managers forget that their company now has one more door to the world, one that, if open, can give an individual valuable information about their organization. We then have a case where information technology becomes a risk due to management problems, it is important to highlight the problems that technology brings to companies in addition to its benefits, as security also generates costs and, when dealing with high technology, investments are not always small in this area.
What do managers forget with so many resources available?
that now your company has another door to the world
What are not always small in the area of technology?
investments
What can happen if a company has another door to the world open?
give an individual valuable information about your organization
can give an individual valuable information about their organization
What can make information technology a risk?
management problems
Why is it important to highlight the problems that technology brings to companies?
because security also generates costs
Which item of information technology management does not keep pace with security policies?
safety
The technological era implies knowledge management, which is a cyclical practice, where its application consists of the creation, innovation and functionality of products and services. Some attitudes are essential for business success in the globalized information and knowledge era. Managers should pay attention to the companies that provide the technological resources, if they are suitable and if they support the provisioning capacity for decision making in the market.
What does the application of knowledge management consist of?
creation, innovation and functionality of products and services
What should managers pay attention to companies that provide technological resources?
whether they are suitable and whether the provisioning capacity is sustained
whether they are suitable and whether the provisioning capacity for decision making in the market is sustained
Decision-making in the public health sector is highly dependent on effective and timely information. However, according to the WHO, in practice, health information systems rarely work systematically because they are complex, fragmented and do not respond to needs. However, these are extremely important in maintaining human rights and can document inequalities in access to care. In the same way, they can help the creation of an action platform, promoting the health development of a type of population, socially and economically disaggregated, allowing their access to information.
What is decision-making in the public health sector extremely dependent on?
effective and timely information
Where are health information systems of utmost importance?
maintenance of human rights
Information technologies don&#39;t just include machine components. There are intellectual technologies used to deal with the information cycle, such as classification techniques, for example, that do not require the use of machines in just one scheme. This scheme can also be included in software that will be used, but that does not eliminate the fact that the technique already existed independently of the software. Information classification and organization technologies have existed since libraries began to be formed. Any book on library organization brings these technologies.
Since when have information classification and organization technologies existed?
since libraries started being formed
What does information technology include besides machine components?
information cycle
Where can schemes be included?
can also be included in software that will be used
This scheme can also be included in software that will be used
in software that will be used
What is an example of intellectual technologies used to deal with the information cycle?
classification techniques
In 1960 computers started to become important for large and medium-sized companies, but they were very limited in terms of applications and incompatible with each other. Advances in computing were driven by hardware such as improvements in cost, speed of equipment and applications, where the latter was built “from scratch”, as there were no companies dedicated to the development of packages. In the 1970s, voice telephone lines began to allow access to remote computer terminals and telecommunications became a technological base, leading companies to automate bureaucratic activities. All the action took place in the data processing room, the so-called CPDs (Data Processing Center) responsible for processing the information, where access to this volume of data was carried out through reports generated by the system or terminals connected to the central computer. However, there was resistance from users to the new system and centralization of operations.
What were computers unmatched with until 1960?
come in if
What did the transformation of telecommunications into a technological base lead companies to do?
automation of bureaucratic activities
What happened in 1970 that made telecommunications a technological base?
voice telephone lines now allow access to remote computer terminals
What did computers start to become in 1960?
important for large and medium-sized companies
What is CPDs?
data center
Where did information processing take place in companies?
CPDs
data center
All the action took place in the data processing room the so-called CPDs (Data Processing Center)
Why were advances in computer science pulled in 1960?
hardware
Why were applications built from scratch in 1960?
because there were no companies dedicated to the development of packages
In 1980, technological changes occurred mainly in office and microcomputer technologies, and the term &quot;Information Technology&quot; became more used. Database managers became available on PCs and low cost software dominated the market, so attention was turned to the market in search of new strategies based on IT technologies. Telecommunications and microcomputers have released the use of IT in companies around the world. “Managerial awareness” programs were created for senior executives and the User Support Center (CSU) or the so-called Help Desk, where users consulted to clarify doubts, in addition to receiving consultancy in the technological area, both to enable access and knowledge of existing IT tools in companies and greater acceptance.
What has freed up the use of IT in companies around the world?
Telecommunications and microcomputers
telecommunications and microcomputers
What is CSU?
User Support Center
What did users see CSUs for?
clarify doubts
to clarify doubts
to clarify doubts, besides receiving consultancy in the technological area
Who was the “managerial awareness” program created for?
for top executives
When did the term “Information Technology” become more used?
1980
In the mid-1970s technological changes began to open new options for transforming data into information and improving and adapting systems according to the needs of the company, but it was still a period of extreme centralization. The terminal, for the first time, becomes flexible, allowing the computer to process multiple tasks simultaneously with multiple users. There is also the emergence of software packages, where combined with the flexibility of the terminals it stimulated a series of innovations that came to be known as “decision support systems”. According to Keen (1996, p. XXXVII), “the greatest technical evolution of that time was the transition from transaction processing to database management.&quot; Then database management systems (DBMS) appear, which organize information in an effective way, avoiding duplication and facilitating its analysis, so the old CPDs began to transform themselves into information libraries, IT professionals were the ones who resisted the most changes.
How were the series of innovations brought about by software packages combined with the flexibility of terminals known?
decision support systems
What did CPDs become with the emergence of DBMSs?
information libraries
in information libraries
What did the flexibility of the terminal allow the computer?
process multiple tasks simultaneously with multiple users
What started to open up new options for transforming data into information?
technological transformations
What is DBMS?
database management systems
Who else resisted the transformations of the CPDs?
computer professionals
In the 1990s, open systems, integration and models became essential items in systems departments, eliminating incompatibility. Technological integration made it easier and facilitated the exchange and access to information, optimizing the company&#39;s operation. For example, the EDI (electronic data interchange) system appears. “IT is recognized as a critical training factor, mainly through telecommunications, which allows the elimination of barriers imposed by location and time to coordination, service and collaboration activities” (KEEN, 1996, p. XLIX). Suddenly, change has accelerated in almost all areas of business and technology. The transformation and use of IT tools has become global and the distinctions between computer and communication disappear, radically changing the business world. The computer becomes an indispensable IT element in an organization.
What has technological integration made more flexible?
exchange and access to information
the exchange and access to information optimizing the functioning of the company
What has become essential in systems departments?
open systems, integration and models
What is EDI?
electronic data interchange
Which IT element is indispensable in an organization?
The computer
computer
The IT professional is one who works in one of the segments related to Information Technology, such as: Programming, Information Security, Networks, Database, Systems Analysis, Software Engineering, infrastructure and hardware, among others. Each professional has a fundamental role in organizations so that systems, or the existing infrastructure, continue to operate correctly. In addition, the IT professional may be responsible for creating and developing new technologies. The profession is among one of the best paid in the market and there is a lack of qualified professionals to fill all vacancies.
Why does each professional have a role in organizations?
so that systems, or the existing infrastructure, continue to operate correctly
Who works in the segments related to Information Technology?
IT professional
Who is responsible for creating and developing new technologies?
IT professional
Information Technology (IT) can be defined as the set of all activities and solutions provided by computing resources aimed at the production, storage, transmission, access, security and use of information. In fact, there are so many applications for IT - and they are linked to so many areas - that there are several definitions for the expression and none of them can fully determine it. It is the area of information technology that deals with information, organization and classification in order to allow decision making in favor of some objective. Information technology can contribute to extending or reducing private and public freedoms or becoming an instrument of domination.
Information technology can become an instrument of what?
domination
instrument of domination
an instrument of domination
What can information technology contribute to?
Information technology can contribute to extending or reducing private and public freedoms
extend or reduce private and public freedoms
to extend or reduce private and public freedoms
Or what about IT in a computer area?
information, organization and classification in order to allow decision making in favor of some objective
What is IT?
Information Technology
set of all activities and solutions provided by computing resources aimed at the production, storage, transmission, access, security and use of information
What is Information Technology?
the set of all activities and solutions provided by computing resources aimed at the production, storage, transmission, access, security and use of information
What definitions can determine the expression TI?
set of all activities and solutions provided by computing resources aimed at the production, storage, transmission, access, security and use of information
none of them
It is the area of information technology that deals with information, organization and classification in order to allow decision making in favor of some objective
UFMS has undergraduate and graduate courses, both in person and at a distance. Postgraduate courses include specialization courses and master&#39;s and doctoral programs. According to the evaluation of the General Course Index created by MEC, UFMS is the second best university in Mato Grosso do Sul with a 4 concept, ranging from 1 to 5, second only to the Federal University of Grande Dourados (UFGD). In the 2014 edition of the Student Guide, UFMS ranked first in 2013 as the best university in Mato Grosso do Sul, surpassing UFGD as the best higher education institution. There is also the proposal to create the Federal University of Pantanal (UFPAN) based in Corumbá absorbing the current Campus do Pantanal (CPAN) part of UFMS and also the Federal University of Bolsão (UFB) based in Três Lagoas absorbing the current Campus of Paranaíba and Campus of Três Lagoas are also part of UFMS today.
Where did UFMS stay in the 2014 edition of the Student Guide?
first
Which graduate courses do the courses cover?
specialization programs and master&#39;s and doctoral programs
specialization and master&#39;s and doctoral programs
What is the second best university in Mato Grosso do Sul according to the General Course Index?
UFMS
a UFMS
UFMS is the second best university in Mato Grosso do Sul
What is the UFMS concept according to the evaluation of the General Course Index?
4
The Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul (UFMS) had its origin in 1962, with the creation of the Faculty of Pharmacy and Dentistry, in Campo Grande, which would be the embryo of public higher education in the south of the then state of Mato Grosso. On July 26, 1966, through Law No. 2,620, these courses were absorbed with the creation of the Campo Grande Institute of Biological Sciences, which reformulated the previous structure, instituted departments and created the Medicine course. In 2014, a medical course was also created in Três Lagoas. In Corumbá, the State Government created, in 1967, the Higher Institute of Pedagogy and, in Três Lagoas, the Institute of Human Sciences and Letters, thus expanding the higher education network. With the division of the state of Mato Grosso, the federalization of the institution, which became known as the Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul Foundation, was carried out by Federal Law No. 6,674, of 07/05/1979. The then Pedagogical Center of Rondonópolis, based in Rondonópolis - MT, became part of the Federal University of Mato Grosso (UFMT). In 2005 the Dourados campus (CPDO) is split up to give rise to the Federal University of Grande Dourados with its installation occurred on 01.01.2006, in accordance with Law No. 11,153, of 07/29/2005.
In what year was the medical course in Três Lagoas created?
2014
In 2014
What was achieved with the division of the state of Mato Grosso?
the federalization of the institution
the federalization of the institution took place
the federalization of the institution that became known as the Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul
What was the embryo of public higher education in southern Mato Grosso?
Faculty of Pharmacy and Dentistry
When was the Instituto Superior de Pedagogia created in Corumbá?
1967
When were the Pharmacy and Dentistry courses absorbed?
July 26, 1966
On July 26, 1966
On July 26, 1966, through Law No. 2,620, these courses were absorbed with the creation of the Institute of Biological Sciences of Campo Grande
In addition to internal news published by Jornal da UFMS, the institution provides services to the community through Editora da UFMS with a store in Cidade Universitária de Campo Grande and TVU, broadcast on channel 14 by TV a Cabo NET or on the website. In February 2012, the dean signed the assignment term to explore the FM Educativa radio which, soon, on an experimental basis, will be able to transmit radio programming to the community in general.
How does the institution serve the community?
through Editora da UFMS
through Editora da UFMS with a store in Cidade Universitária de Campo Grande and TVU
What channel is the TVU broadcast on?
14
What can be transmitted by FM Educativa radio on an experimental basis with the signature of the assignment term?
will be able to broadcast radio programming to the wider community
radio programming for the wider community
Public Universities in Brazil, especially those linked to the Federal System, adopt an organizational model that is characterized by many similarities in which the decisions of Collegiate Bodies predominate. In the case of UFMS, the central administration is given by the Rectory, which is the executive body that administers, directing, coordinating and supervising all university activities. The position of Rector is exercised by a professor appointed in accordance with the law, to carry out the decisions of the higher collegiate bodies of the University - University Council (COUN); Directing Council (CD), and Chambers of Education, Research and Postgraduate and Extension. The Dean is responsible administratively and legally for all acts within the scope of the Institution. This includes the ordering of expenses, being responsible to the MEC and the Federal Court of Accounts for managing the third largest state budget. The Rector is also responsible for bringing the University closer to the community, through agreements and partnerships with other bodies and institutions.
How does the Dean answer for all acts within the Institution?
administratively and legally
Who is UFMS central administration for?
Rectory
For whom is the position of Rector held?
teacher appointed under the law
What are the higher collegiate bodies of UFMS?
University Council (COUN); Directing Council (CD), and Teaching, Research and Postgraduate and Extension Chambers
Who is responsible for bringing the University closer to the community?
Dean
The UFMS library system is governed by the Central Library Coordination (CBC) located in Campo Grande, subordinated to the Dean of Education and Graduation (PREG) with sectoral libraries on all campuses in the interior of the state. The collection is available for consultation on the internet through the Pergamum system, developed by PUC-PR and PUC-Rio, accessible from any computer inside and outside the institution where it is also possible to make auto loans, book books, study rooms and more services.
Through which system is the UFMS library collection available for consultation on the internet?
Pergamum
Pergamum is accessible by which computers?
any computer
any computer inside and outside the institution
Where is CBC located?
Large field
in Campo Grande
located in Campo Grande
Who was Pergamum developed by?
PUC-PR and PUC-Rio
Who is the UFMS library system governed by?
CBC
Central Library Coordination
by the Central Library Coordination (CBC)
Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul (UFMS) is a Brazilian federal public higher education institution, headquartered in Campo Grande, in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul. Taking the Campo Grande campus as the center of a hypothetical circle, UFMS it covers an extensive geographic-educational area that results in a radius of more than 500 km, reaching about one hundred municipalities and including neighboring states and countries, such as Paraguay and Bolivia, from which part of its students-agreement originates. In addition to the headquarters in Campo Grande, UFMS maintains campuses in nine cities (Aquidauana, Chapadão do Sul, Corumbá, Coxim, Naviraí, Nova Andradina, Paranaíba, Ponta Porã and Três Lagoas) decentralizing education to meet the demand of various regions of the state .
How many km does UFMS cover a geographic-educational area?
more than 500
more than 500 km radius
Approximately how many municipalities does UFMS reach?
cem
about a hundred
about one hundred municipalities
In which cities does UFMS maintain campuses?
Aquidauana, Chapadão do Sul, Corumbá, Coxim, Naviraí, Nova Andradina, Paranaíba, Ponta Porã and Três Lagoas
In how many cities does UFMS maintain campuses?
UFMS maintains campuses in nine cities
new
What is UFMS?
a Brazilian federal public higher education institution
a Brazilian federal public higher education institution, headquartered in Campo Grande, in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul
Where is UFMS based?
Large field
in Campo Grande
based in Campo Grande
In order to overcome the essential objectives of improving teaching and encouraging research and extension activities, UFMS has been participating in teaching and preserving the natural resources of the environment, especially the fauna and flora of the Pantanal, the region where it is inserted, and which motivates ecological studies and research at the institution.
What does UFMS aim to participate in teaching and preserving the natural resources of the environment?
surpass the essential objectives of improving teaching and encouraging research and extension activities
What motivates ecological studies and research at UFMS?
Pantanal
fauna and flora of the Pantanal
Although the organizational model varies from institution to institution, almost all universities have some common central bodies, such as a rector, chancellor or president, a board of trustees, a university senate and deans of the various organic units. The provision of these bodies varies according to the institution&#39;s statute, ranging from the appointment by a higher authority to the election by the university members themselves.
Which central bodies are common in universities?
rector, chancellor or president, a board of trustees, a university senate and deans of the various organizational units
Private universities are financed mainly by private funds, which gives them greater independence from public higher education policies. The main sources of funding are usually tuition fees paid by their students, but they can also receive funding through philanthropic donations, payment for services rendered to external entities and even public contributions.
In relation to which universities are independent?
to public higher education policies
What is the main source of income for private universities?
tuition fees paid by your students
Public universities are supervised by national or local governments, whose interference in the internal administration of each university may be greater or lesser, depending on the country, the region or the institution&#39;s own statute. In some cases, universities are directly supervised by the government department of education or higher education, but in other states this tutelage can be delegated to an independent entity, usually of a collegial nature. Government supervisory bodies are usually always responsible for allocating public funds to universities, for the accreditation of institutions and their higher education courses and for the degree system conferred. In addition to the financial component, depending on the degree of autonomy attributed to universities, the supervisory bodies may interfere in the access system, in the creation, alteration or extinction of higher education courses, in the internal organization of the institutions, in their university strategic plans and in the teaching staff. However, a large part of public universities has extensive financial, pedagogical and scientific autonomy.
In which areas do public universities have autonomy?
financial, pedagogical and scientific
Who oversees public universities?
national or local governments
Who is responsible for allocating public funds to universities?
Government supervisory bodies
Government supervisory bodies are usually always responsible for allocating public funds to universities
government supervisory bodies
Universities have an internal organization based on organic teaching and research units, which include colleges, schools, institutes, colleges and departments. These units have greater or lesser autonomy within the university, depending on its organization. In the event that its units have a great deal of autonomy, a university may constitute a mere federation of schools or colleges, grouped together for purely administrative purposes, eventually sharing some common resources. Many universities of this type originated in the administrative grouping of older schools, which, even when integrated into a larger institution, maintained their identity and part of their autonomy.
What are the teaching units of a university?
colleges, schools, institutes, colleges and departments
When can a university build a federation of schools?
In the event that your units have a great deal of autonomy
In the event that its units have a great deal of autonomy, a university may constitute a mere federation of schools or colleges
In 1088, in the city of Bologna, Italy, the University of Bologna was founded, which would become known as the first university in Europe where law, medicine and theology were studied. The universities that followed, which were founded in medieval Christian Europe, were based on the mission of seeking the Truth, the Good and the Beautiful, through the free controversy between rival proposals.
Where did you study law in 1088 in Italy?
University of Bologna
What was the mission of the universities created after the University of Bologna?
seek the Truth, the Good and the Beautiful
to search for the Truth, the Good and the Beautiful, through the free controversy between rival proposals
In 970 AD, Al-Azhar University was founded in Cairo, Egypt, which is then officially considered the second oldest university in the world in modern definition. Al-Azhar&#39;s curriculum involved subjects such as theology, Islamic history, Maliquite jurisprudence, Arabic grammar, mathematics, logic, rhetoric and astronomy. Only in 1961 were courses included in administration, economics, pharmacy, medicine, engineering and agriculture. In 1065 in Baghdad, capital of Iraq, it is the Al-Nizamiyya university that had in its curriculum subjects such as theology, Maliquite jurisprudence, grammar and Arabic and arithmetic literature.
What stories did Al-Azhar involve?
theology, islamic history, maliquite jurisprudence, arabic grammar, mathematics, logic, rhetoric and astronomy
What is the second oldest university in the world?
Al-Azhar
When the medical course was included in Al-Azhar
1961
In a broader definition, the Eduba Sumerian scribe school, created around 3500 BC, is cited by many authors as the first university. However, he taught only Sumerian and mathematical cuneiform writing, but it was an extremely important place for the development of writing. However, in a closer view of the modern concept, the Academy, founded in 387 BC by the Greek philosopher Plato in the forest of Academos near Athens, is defended by many as the first university. In it, students learned philosophy, mathematics and gymnastics. Although close to the modern concept, it did not really constitute a university, since each thinker founded a school of thought to spread his knowledge, not to debate it.
O que Eduba ensinava?
only Sumerian and mathematical cuneiform writing
taught only Sumerian cuneiform writing and mathematics
feathers the Sumerian cuneiform writing and mathematics
What did thinkers found schools for?
to spread your knowledge
What was the first university?
Score
When was Eduba created?
around 3500 BC
When were the universities closest to the modern concept founded?
387 aC
Who founded the academy?
Plato
In a global view, the first university to follow the modern concept emerged in Asia, during the 5th century, and was known as the Nalanda university in Bihar, India. The Buddhist philosopher Nagarjuna lived there. During its existence it reached more than 10,000 students and 1,500 teachers. The university&#39;s curriculum was extensive and involved areas such as theology, philosophy, mathematics, astronomy, alchemy and anatomy. Its Buddhist philosophers promoted philosophical debates involving several themes. In 1193, the university of Nalanda was looted by Muslim invaders. When Tibetan translator Chag Lotsawa visited it in 1235 he found it partly destroyed but still functioning with a small number of monks. The destruction of Nalanda as well as temples and monasteries in northern India, where there were study centers, is considered by many historians to be the cause of the sudden disappearance of ancient Indian scientific thought. In 670 AD, the Kyrgyz mosque was founded in Tunisia and the development of the first Arab university where Arabic language, theology, Islamic history, Maliquite jurisprudence, mathematics, astronomy, medicine and botany began. However, a few decades later the Kyrgyz mosque was destroyed and its university center was rebuilt in the city of Montfleury in 737 AD where the Ez-Zitouna university was founded, which still functions today and is considered by many Arabs as the first university.
How many students did Nalanda University count on?
with over 10,000 students
more than 10,000
How was the first modern university known?
university of Nalanda
Where did the development of the first Arab university start?
Tunisia
Where did the first modern university come from?
the first university to follow the modern concept emerged in Asia
emerged in Asia
Asia
What areas did Nalanda University involve?
theology, philosophy, mathematics, astronomy, alchemy and anatomy
What was the cause of the disappearance of ancient Indian scientific thought?
The destruction of Nalanda
The destruction of Nalanda as well as temples and monasteries in northern India
The destruction of Nalanda as well as temples and monasteries in northern India, where there were study centers
Who sacked the university of Nalanda?
Muslim invaders
In Brazil, the oldest institution with university status was the University of Paraná, created in 1912 and today called &quot;Federal University of Paraná&quot;. There are other older Brazilian higher education institutions, however, the fact that all courses continue to function is the character that gives the University of Paraná the oldest status in the country.
What is the University of Paraná called today?
Federal University of Paraná
What is the oldest university in Brazil?
University of Paraná
the University of Paraná
Higher education in Brazil started long before, even in the colonial period, with the creation of specialized higher schools, modeled on similar schools existing in the Portuguese Metropolis. One of the first was the Royal Academy of Artillery, Fortification and Design, created in 1792, in Rio de Janeiro, by Queen D. Maria I of Portugal, with the main purpose of training technical officers and military engineers. This Academy is considered to be the first engineering school in the Americas and one of the first in the world, being at the remote origin of the current Military Institute of Engineering and Polytechnic School of the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. According to the Portuguese model, none of these schools was given the status of university, which was reserved throughout the Portuguese Empire to the University of Coimbra (even in Portugal, with the exception of the University of Évora, with a short existence, the various educational institutions superiors existing outside Coimbra only reached the status of universities in 1911).
Which university was the University of Portugal status reserved for?
Coimbra University
Where was the Royal Academy of Artillery, Fortification and Design created?
Rio de Janeiro
What was the purpose of the Royal Academy of Artillery, Fortification and Design?
train technical officers and military engineers
What was one of the first specialized higher schools in Brazil?
Royal Academy of Artillery, Fortification and Design
When did higher education start in Brazil?
still in the colonial period
no colony period
colonial period
Especially in the USA, but also in some other countries, there is the concept of a university system which constitutes a summit or federation organization that groups with a set of universities and other institutions of higher education, normally distributed geographically in several locations. Usually, there is a central collective administration body of the system, but each university that constitutes the system maintains its own private administration, with greater or lesser autonomy in relation to the central body. University systems became quite common in the USA in the post-World War II era, so that almost all of its states have one or more of these systems, under which their public universities are grouped, sharing a name, an administration and some common features. Most university systems are referred to as &quot;university&quot;, with each constituent university referred to by the system name, plus a particular designation (eg, the University of California is the public university system of the State of California, which groups the University of California, Los Angeles and the University of California, Berkeley, among others.).
How are universities and other institutions of higher education distributed in the USA?
across multiple locations
What do public universities share in common in the USA?
name, an administration and some common resources
When did universities become quite common in the USA?
post-World War II
A university system should not be confused with a university with multiple campuses. A university system contains several universities, while a multi-campus university is a single university whose facilities are spread over two or more campuses. Depending on the image policy of the university systems and the respective constituent universities, the association of a university with the system can be more or less emphasized.
What defines a university&#39;s emphasis on the system?
According to the image policy of the university systems and the respective constituent universities
the image policy of the university systems and the respective constituent universities
What is a multi-campus university?
is a single university whose facilities are spread over two or more campuses
A University is an institution of multidisciplinary higher education and training of professionals with higher education, research, extension and mastery and cultivation of human knowledge. A university provides both tertiary and quaternary education. According to Mazzari Júnior &quot;universities enjoy autonomy to carry out their purposes, in strict compliance with the constitutional text, but this right does not prohibit the State from verifying the use of this prerogative in its own activities.&quot;
What is university?
A University is a higher education institution
a higher education institution
an institution of multidisciplinary higher education and training of professional staff with higher education, research, extension and mastery and cultivation of human knowledge
What levels of education does a university provide?
both tertiary and quaternary
it will be up to the course coordinator to check if the academic fulfills the requirements; and check if the academic is enrolled in the disciplines subject to the waiver. After meeting the foreseen conditions, the course coordinator must request the direction of the academic administration unit responsible for the discipline to appoint an examining board of recognized competence in the area, composed of three professors. the examining board must define and disclose the evaluation criteria and system and record, in the minutes, the referral and the results of the evaluation process. the teacher responsible for the subject must be part of the examining board and the content to be evaluated must be included in the subject&#39;s teaching plan.
what should the academic fill out?
the requirements
requirements
where should the content to be evaluated appear?
in the discipline&#39;s teaching plan
teaching plan
discipline teaching plan
how many teachers should the examining board be composed of?
of three
of three teachers
three
three teachers
it will be up to the examining board to assign the student a final score from zero point zero (0.0) to ten point zero (10.0), resulting from the arithmetic average of the grades issued by the members of the panel; and consider approved that academic who obtains the final minimum grade nine (9.0). it will be up to the course coordinator to inform the academic, within ten (10) working days before the scheduled date for evaluation, the content and forms of evaluation with the respective weights, in addition to date (s), time (s) and location ( (s) of conducting the exam (s). if approved in the evaluation, the student will be exempted from taking the course, with the grade given by the examining board and the total workload of the course being recorded in his / her academic record. registration in siscad must be done by the coordinator of the academic course.
what is the minimum grade for the academic who requested the course abbreviation to be approved?
9,0
new
new (9.0)
what is the limit of days for the academic who requested the course abbreviation to be informed of the content?
10
up to ten
ten
who should register with siscad?
course coordination
academic course coordination
should be done by coordinating the academic course
who gives the final grade to the academic?
bank
examination Board
it will be up to the examining board to assign the student a final score from zero point zero (0.0) to ten point zero (10.0)
only an academic who is regularly enrolled in the last academic term of the course at ufms can apply for exemption for course abbreviation purposes; has not failed the subjects in which he wants to be assessed; has no record of course locking, except for health reasons; has no absence of enrollment in any period of the course; has an academic performance index (ire) equal to or greater than 9.0 (nine integers); and has not suffered disciplinary sanctions. the academic should regularly attend the disciplines, including performing regular assessments until the abbreviation process is completed. the evaluation request will be analyzed by the academic&#39;s course coordinator.
How long should the academic attend regular courses after applying for a course abbreviation?
until the completion of the abbreviation process
completion of the abbreviation process
by whom is the evaluation request analyzed?
course coordinator
academic course coordinator
the evaluation request will be analyzed by the academic&#39;s course coordinator
will be analyzed by the academic&#39;s course coordinator
What are the conditions for requesting a waiver for the purpose of shortening the course?
is regularly enrolled in the last academic term of the course at ufms; has not failed the subjects in which he wants to be assessed; has no record of course locking, except for health reasons; has no absence of enrollment in any period of the course; has an academic performance index (ire) equal to or greater than 9.0 (nine integers); and has not suffered disciplinary sanctions
the academic who is regularly enrolled in the last academic term of the course at ufms; has not failed the subjects in which he wants to be assessed; has no record of course locking, except for health reasons; has no absence of enrollment in any period of the course; has an academic performance index (ire) equal to or greater than 9.0 (nine integers); and has not suffered disciplinary sanctions
only an academic who is regularly enrolled in the last academic term of the course at ufms can apply for exemption for course abbreviation purposes; has not failed the subjects in which he wants to be assessed; has no record of course locking, except for health reasons; has no absence of enrollment in any period of the course; has an academic performance index (ire) equal to or greater than 9.0 (nine integers); and has not suffered disciplinary sanctions
it is possible for the academic to request exemption from taking disciplines that are part of the curricular matrix of his / her course, with justification of extraordinary academic performance, through a specific evaluation applied by an examining board, to shorten the duration of the undergraduate course to a time shorter than the minimum provided for in the project. course, in accordance with the legislation in force. the provision in the caput of this article does not apply to the subjects of mandatory internship, course completion work and complementary activities; as well as subjects with practical content. the request will be formalized by the academic, accompanied by justification, only once in each discipline, within the deadlines provided by the ufms academic calendar, at the academic secretariat of the sector administration unit offering the course.
in the request for a course abbreviation, which disciplines cannot the student apply for a waiver?
compulsory internship subjects, course completion work and complementary activities; as well as subjects with practical content
mandatory internship, course completion work and complementary activities
mandatory internship, course completion work and complementary activities; as well as subjects with practical content
what can the academic request if he presents extraordinary academic performance?
exemption from taking courses
exemption from taking courses that are part of the curriculum
exemption from taking courses that are part of the curriculum of your course
exemption from taking disciplines that are part of the curriculum of your course, with justification for extraordinary academic performance
where should the academic request exemption for extraordinary academic performance?
at the academic secretariat
in the academic secretariat of the sectoral administration unit offering the course
academic secretary
academic secretary of the sectoral administration unit offering the course
baccalaureate courses must alter their course pedagogical projects to comply with legal provisions in the calendar year prior to the year of participation in the enade in the 2017-2019 triennium. proposals for new pedagogical course projects must be submitted to the undergraduate teaching council for consideration by September 30 of the year foreseen for their elaboration. pedagogical course projects will come into effect from the first semester with the entry of new students from the year following their approval. other changes may be proposed to the pedagogical course project in the periods defined in this resolution or in the periods defined in the academic calendar.
who will evaluate the proposal for a pedagogical course project?
proposals for new pedagogical course projects must be submitted to the undergraduate teaching council
teaching council
undergraduate teaching board
enrollment in compulsory subjects may be carried out in the course itself or in any other course at ufms, provided that there is compatibility between the name of the subject, menu and workload, subject to the availability of places. enrollment in optional subjects can be carried out in the course itself or in any other course at ufms, subject to the existence of vacancies. enrollment in a mandatory internship may be carried out before the scheduled date for online enrollment, following the planning of the respective internship commission for the course and approved by the course collegiate. when more than one class is offered for the same subject, the student must choose the class. if the number of enrolled in a class is greater than the number of vacancies, the tiebreaker criterion will be the highest academic performance coefficient. students who do not get a place in the intended class, according to the criteria above, will be redistributed to classes where there is a place, as long as there is compatibility of schedules.
how is the selection of students carried out for a discipline whose number of applicants exceeds the number of places?
the tiebreaker criterion will be the highest academic performance coefficient
if the number of students enrolled in a class is greater than the number of vacancies, the tiebreaker criterion will be the highest academic performance coefficient
where is enrollment in mandatory subjects taken?
enrollment in mandatory subjects can be done in the course itself or in any other course at ufms
can be done in the course itself or in any other course at ufms
the renewal of enrollment is carried out through the academic system (siscad), composed of the three consecutive steps below, whose deadlines are defined by the academic calendar: selection of subjects online, by the student: mandatory step, carried out by the academic system (siscad) , by all regular students; enrollment adjustments: optional step for regular students who participate in the online discipline selection step, aiming to identify any adjustments and adjustments to enrollment in disciplines, requested by the students to the course coordinator, through the academic system (siscad); validation of enrollments: administrative activity, without the participation of the student, which consists of registration in the academic system (siscad), by the academic secretariat, confirmation of all enrollments and adjustments requested and authorized by the course coordinator. the course coordinator must guide the students, as well as publicize and monitor the procedures and deadlines for the proper fulfillment of the enrollment renewal stages.
where is the deadline for renewal of registration set?
the renewal of enrollment is carried out through the academic system (siscad), composed of the three consecutive stages below, whose deadlines are defined by the academic calendar
academic calendar
are defined by the academic calendar
the student will not be allowed to exclude or include subjects during the validation stage of enrollments by the academic secretary. in the absence of renewal of enrollment by the student, the academic bond is converted into locking by the course coordinator. the academic system (siscad) will send a message to the course coordinator and the student with unsuccessful enrollment, so that he / she declares interest in maintaining his / her vacancy throughout the academic period in which he / she was locked out. the course coordinator is responsible for identifying and recording the reason for the absence of renewal or termination of enrollment without justification. the academic may be excluded for withdrawal if, in the following semester, he does not renew the enrollment and is prevented from locking up because he has reached the maximum limit of four semesters of locking up. omitted cases will be resolved by the undergraduate teaching council.
what happens to the academic with a locked bond in case of non-renewal of his enrollment in the following semester?
the academic may be excluded due to withdrawal
the academic may be excluded for withdrawal if, in the following semester, he does not renew the enrollment and is prevented from locking up because he has reached the maximum limit of four semesters of locking up
may be excluded for withdrawal
may be excluded for withdrawal if, in the following semester, he does not renew the enrollment and is prevented from locking up because he has reached the maximum limit of four semesters of locking up
registration renewal consists of three consecutive phases: registration; confirmation; and validation. it is compulsory for academics to comply with items i and ii, for the purpose of maintaining the academic link. in the enrollment phase, the student must fill out an electronic form, indicating the disciplines he is interested in taking. the registration form will contain only the disciplines that the academic is able to take, distributed as follows: disciplines allocated in the semester in which the academic is positioned; disciplines from previous semesters due to the positioning semester; semester subjects after the placement semester; and optional course subjects. at the discretion of the dean of undergraduate education, electronic enrollment may be replaced by manual enrollment, subject to the terms of this resolution.
how should the disciplines that the academic is able to take be distributed?
disciplines allocated in the semester in which the academic is positioned; disciplines from previous semesters due to the positioning semester; semester subjects after the placement semester; and optional course subjects
distributed as follows: subjects allocated in the semester in which the academic is positioned; disciplines from previous semesters due to the positioning semester; semester subjects after the placement semester; and optional course subjects
what should appear on the registration form?
the disciplines that the academic is able to take
the registration form will contain only the subjects that the academic is able to take
only the disciplines that the academic is able to take
what should the academic complete in the registration phase?
electronic form
the academic must fill out an electronic form
the academic must fill out an electronic form, indicating the subjects he is interested in taking. the registration form will contain only the subjects that the academic is able to take
which items should academics comply with?
ie ii
incisos ie ii
academics are required to comply with items i and ii
what are the phases of renewal of registration?
registration renewal consists of three consecutive phases: registration; confirmation; and validation
subscription; confirmation; and validation
the academic semester of placement is counted from the time he / she joined ufms, subtracting the number of semesters in which enrollment was locked. the placement semester must be defined by the course coordinator, in situations that require the preparation of a study plan. the distribution of vacancies available in the disciplines will obey the following order: disciplines of the academic positioning semester; semester disciplines prior to the academic positioning; semester disciplines after the academic placement semester; and optional subjects. academics are guaranteed vacancies in the disciplines allocated in their placement semester, except those with prerequisites.
from when is the placement semester counted?
of your entry at ufms
ufms entry
the academic semester of placement is counted from the time he / she joined ufms
What order should the distribution of available vacancies follow?
disciplines of the academic positioning semester; semester disciplines prior to the academic positioning; semester disciplines after the academic placement semester; and optional subjects
who defines the positioning semester?
Course coordinator
the placement semester must be defined by the course coordinator
by the course coordinator
institutions of higher education, through their higher collegiate bodies, must define the attributions and criteria for the constitution of the nde, meeting, at least, the following: be constituted by a minimum of 5 teachers belonging to the faculty of the course; have at least 60% of its members with academic degrees obtained in stricto sensu graduate programs; have all members on a part-time or full-time basis, with at least 20% being full-time; ensure a partial renewal strategy for the members of the nde in order to ensure continuity in the process of monitoring the course.
what should nde members ensure?
ensure a partial renewal strategy for nde members
ensure a partial renewal strategy for nde members in order to ensure continuity in the process of monitoring the course
partial renewal strategy for nde members
through whom should higher education institutions define the assignments and criteria for constituting the nde?
higher education institutions, through their higher collegiate bodies, must define the attributions and criteria for constituting the nde
senior colleges
through its superior collegiate bodies
what are the criteria for constituting the nde?
institutions of higher education, through their higher collegiate bodies, must define the attributions and criteria for the constitution of the nde, meeting, at least, the following: be constituted by a minimum of 5 teachers belonging to the faculty of the course; have at least 60% of its members with academic degrees obtained in stricto sensu graduate programs; have all members on a part-time or full-time basis, with at least 20% being full-time; ensure a partial renewal strategy for the members of the nde in order to ensure continuity in the process of monitoring the course.
be made up of a minimum of 5 teachers belonging to the course&#39;s teaching staff; have at least 60% of its members with academic degrees obtained in stricto sensu graduate programs; have all members on a part-time or full-time basis, with at least 20% being full-time; ensure a partial renewal strategy for nde members in order to ensure continuity in the process of monitoring the course
how many of the nde members must have academic degrees obtained in graduate programs?
60%
at least 60%
have at least 60% of its members with academic degrees obtained in stricto sensu graduate programs
the structuring teaching nucleus (nde) of an undergraduate course consists of a group of teachers, with academic assignments for monitoring, active in the process of conception, consolidation and continuous updating of the pedagogical project of the course. the nde must consist of members of the faculty of the course, who exercise academic leadership within the scope, perceived in the production of knowledge in the area, in the development of teaching, and in other dimensions understood as important by the institution, and who act on the course development.
what should nde members exercise?
academic leadership
academic leadership within the same
the nde must consist of members of the faculty of the course, who exercise academic leadership within the scope of the same
what is nde?
structuring teaching group
what are the nde&#39;s academic duties?
accompaniment, active in the process of conception, consolidation and continuous updating of the pedagogical project of the course
what constitutes the structuring teaching nucleus (nde)?
consists of a group of teachers
the structuring teaching group (nde) of an undergraduate course consists of a group of teachers
a group of teachers
the tasks of the structuring teaching staff are, among others: to contribute to the consolidation of the professional profile of the graduate of the course; ensure the interdisciplinary curricular integration between the different teaching activities included in the curriculum; indicate ways of encouraging the development of lines of research and extension, arising from the needs of graduation, from the demands of the labor market and in line with public policies related to the area of knowledge of the course; ensure compliance with national curriculum guidelines for undergraduate courses.
What should the structuring teaching team ensure?
for interdisciplinary curricular integration between the different teaching activities in the curriculum
compliance with national curriculum guidelines for undergraduate courses
the units of the sectorial administration involved with the offer of undergraduate courses must take the necessary steps to apply the national curriculum guidelines for undergraduate courses and implement this resolution. the pedagogical project for the undergraduate course must be prepared only by means of an electronic system, and submitted to the undergraduate teaching council for appreciation. the deliberations of the course collegiate, if any, and the council of the sectorial administration unit of the course are integral parts, as attachments, of the course pedagogical project. it is up to the dean of undergraduate education (preg) to analyze the pedagogical project of the course regarding the legal and normative aspects. when, after the analysis by the preg, the pedagogical course project changes, it must be submitted again to the appreciation of the course collegiate body, after hearing the structuring teaching nucleus, and the council of the sectorial administration unit of the course.
how should the pedagogical project be elaborated?
should be prepared only through an electronic system
the pedagogical project of the undergraduate course must be prepared only through an electronic system
the pedagogical project for the undergraduate course must be prepared only by means of an electronic system, and submitted to the undergraduate teaching council
through electronic system
the pedagogical project of the course should explain the number of hours of disciplinary curricular components developed in the following activities: theoretical-practical activities (atp-d); experimental activities (aes-d); practice activities as a curricular component (apc-d); field activities (aco-d); and other teaching activities (oae-d). practical activities as a curricular component are mandatory in undergraduate courses. for the purposes of this resolution the non-disciplinary curricular components are: complementary activities (acs-nd); oriented teaching activities (aoe-nd); extension activities (aex-nd); course completion work (tcc-nd); and national performance exam (enade). other non-disciplinary curricular components can be defined in the pedagogical project of the course. for purposes of registration in the academic control system (siscad) the non-disciplinary curricular components referred to in items ia iii, when they appear in the course ppc, will be launched only as accomplished or not accomplished. for the purpose of registration with siscad, the non-disciplinary curricular component contained in item v will be launched in accordance with current legislation relating to the enade. for the purposes of registration with siscad, the non-disciplinary curricular component contained in item iv will be launched as approved or disapproved. the unfulfilled situation is the initial situation in the ccnds siscad, referred to in items ia iii; while for the ccnd referred to in item iv, the initial condition of &quot;not presented&quot; will be launched.
how is the non-disciplinary curricular component in siscad?
the non-disciplinary curricular component contained in item iv will be launched as approved or disapproved. the unfulfilled situation is the initial situation in the ccnds siscad
will be released as pass or fail
will be released as pass or fail. the unfulfilled situation is the initial situation in siscad
what are the non-disciplinary curricular components in the pedagogical project of a graduation course?
complementary activities (acs-nd); oriented teaching activities (aoe-nd); extension activities (aex-nd); course completion work (tcc-nd); and national performance exam (enade).
the request for the home exercise regime must be filed immediately upon confirmation of the fact, the request with retroactive value being null and void, as it does not characterize the purpose of the regime. Therefore, the period for starting the home exercise regime will be counted by the date of filing the application and the final period for the date stated in the medical report. the approval of the home exercise regime request will be the responsibility of the course coordinator or equivalent, based on the medical report presented. if there are doubts regarding the classification of the medical report in the home exercise regime, the course coordinator or equivalent should consult the official medical board of ufms. while the official medical board examines the medical documents presented, the academic should be assisted by the home exercise regime, until the need for confirmation of the absence is confirmed. the course coordinator or equivalent must immediately inform the teachers of the list of students who are on a home exercise basis.
who evaluates the request for a home exercise regime?
course coordinator
course coordinator or equivalent
the approval of the home exercise regime request will be the responsibility of the course coordinator or equivalent
in compliance with Decree-Law No. 1,044 / 69 and Law No. 6,202 / 75, the special home exercise regime applies to pregnant students and students with conditions (congenital or acquired, infections, trauma or other morbid conditions). home exercise regime is understood as the substitution of classes not attended by the academic, for activities carried out in the home or hospital environment, ensuring that the academic has the possibility to provide at another time, the tests that were applied during the period of absence.
What is home exercise regime?
home exercise regime is understood as the replacement of classes not attended by the academic, for activities carried out in the home or hospital environment, ensuring that the academic has the possibility to provide at another time, the tests that were applied during the period of absence
replacement of classes not attended by the academic
replacement of classes not attended by the academic, by activities carried out in a home or hospital environment, ensuring that the academic has the possibility to provide at another time, the tests that were applied during the period of absence
of the conditions to care for patients with conditions, those with congenital or acquired conditions, infections, trauma or other morbid conditions that present acute or aggravated disorders, characterized by relative physical incapacity, incompatible with attending classes, if the conditions are maintained intellectual and emotional skills necessary for the continuation of school activity, will be assisted by the home exercise regime. the academic must submit an application to the academic secretariat, addressed to the course coordinator or equivalent, requesting the home exercise regime, attaching the medical report containing: the international classification of diseases (cid); the time of absence; the therapy instituted for the treatment; and the doctor&#39;s signature, date and credit. the academic secretariat must formalize the process and forward it to the course coordinator or equivalent. the home exercise regime will only be granted for absences greater than seven consecutive days.
where do i deliver the application?
at the academic secretariat
the academic must submit an application to the academic secretary
the academic must submit an application to the academic secretary, addressed to the course coordinator or equivalent
the course coordinator or equivalent must attach to the process of each academic who is on a home exercise regime, all documents related to the period covered by the regime, including copies of home activities and tests. each teacher will define the activities that must be carried out during the home exercise regime, as well as the delivery deadlines, leaving the academic, or his attorney, the responsibility of removing and returning the activities in the course coordination. if the academic does not deliver the activities scheduled on the date stipulated by the teacher, the frequency will not be computed. it will be up to the teacher to deliver to the course coordinator or equivalent to the activities returned by the academic in a home exercise regime, as well as the posting of frequency in the academic system. the content evaluation will be in accordance with the provisions of the discipline&#39;s teaching plan, applying the same evaluation system required for other academics. the dates of the tests must be fixed by mutual agreement between the academic, the teacher and the course coordinator, or equivalent. a grade of zero will be attributed to the academic who does not attend the exam. after the tests have been carried out and corrected, the teacher must return them to the academic, attaching a copy in the home exercise regime process and making the entry in the academic system. at the end of the home exercise regime, the course coordinator or equivalent should forward the medical report to the academic secretariat (secac) to be filed in the student&#39;s portfolio. the course coordinator, or equivalent, is responsible for monitoring all procedures related to the home exercise regime.
what are the activities for the home exercise regime?
each teacher will define the activities to be performed
each teacher will define the activities to be performed during the home exercise regime
each teacher will define the activities to be carried out during the home exercise regime, as well as the delivery deadlines, with the academic, or his attorney, the responsibility of removing and returning the activities in the course coordination
in the process of changing the curricular structures caused by changes in the internal rules of ufms, no new mandatory subjects may be created in the course or the semiannualization of existing subjects may be altered. in the process of changing the curricular structures originated to meet the norm for professional certification or by imposing a legal norm, the overall course load must remain the same, assuming a variation of up to five percent more or less in relation to the current workload due to the correctness of the subjects&#39; workloads for adaptation to the seventeen-week module, respecting the minimum established by the national education council (cne). the variation in the course load may exceed this percentage when the modification imposed by the legal norm requires it, respecting the minimum amount imposed by the norm. all students must migrate to the new curriculum structure.
what happens to the course curriculum for veteran students when it is changed by the competent body?
in the process of changing the curricular structures caused by changes in the internal rules of ufms, no new mandatory subjects in the course can be created or the semiannualization of existing subjects cannot be changed
new compulsory subjects cannot be created in the course or the semiannualization of existing subjects cannot be changed
upon joining ufms, the academic may request the course collegiate, only once, within the deadlines established in the academic calendar, to take advantage of studies previously carried out in undergraduate courses. only more than one request for the use of studies by the academic will be admitted during the course, in the following cases: for students of courses in the process of extinction at ufms; for academics with admission prior to the first semester of the 2015 academic year; or when the curriculum analysis carried out previously did not include all subjects subject to exemption, upon analysis by the coordinator and approval by the collegiate of the course, and the subject that has already been previously analyzed and which appears in the study cannot be used. with unfavorable opinion for dismissal, except in cases of implantation of a new curricular structure, after the analysis. the disciplines of mandatory internship, course completion work and complementary activities are not subject to exemption for taking advantage of studies, except in cases where the academic has taken these disciplines at ufms, in homonymous courses, upon analysis by the coordinator and approval by the collegiate of the course.
how many times can i request to take advantage of studies?
upon joining ufms, the academic may request the course collegiate, only once, within the deadlines established in the academic calendar, to take advantage of studies previously carried out in undergraduate courses
the academic may request the course collegiate, only once, within the deadlines established in the academic calendar, to take advantage of the studies previously carried out in undergraduate courses
only once
the study plan must contain, regarding the course at ufms: the name of the course; the academic&#39;s name; and all the disciplines necessary to complete the curricular matrix. for each discipline dispensed (ds), the class load in class hours of sixty minutes must be indicated. for each discipline to be taken, mandatory or optional, the hourly load in class hours of sixty minutes and the semester foreseen for the course to be taken must be indicated. after the approval of the study plan, by the course collegiate, it will be recorded in the academic record of the academic, for the purpose of curricular integration: the workload assigned to him in the institution of origin converted into a class hour of sixty minutes in the set of subjects dispensed; the code ds in the disciplines dispensed; and the type of discipline dispensed. for the purpose of curricular integration, the counting of the elapsed time will be made from the admission of the academic at ufms. the number of semesters, prior to the academic semester&#39;s qualification, will be subtracted from the maximum time for the curricular integration provided for in the course&#39;s pedagogical project, if the academic has not yet attended any semester after joining the course.
what should the study plan contain?
must contain, regarding the course at ufms: the name of the course; the academic&#39;s name; and all the disciplines necessary to complete the curriculum
the name of the course; the academic&#39;s name; and all the disciplines necessary to complete the curriculum
the study plan must contain, regarding the course at ufms: the name of the course; the academic&#39;s name; and all the disciplines necessary to complete the curriculum
by whom will the study plan be approved?
course collegiate
by collegiate course
the verification of absences is the responsibility: absences subject to warning and reprimand will be determined by the director of the center / campus in which the student is enrolled and at his / her discretion; absences susceptible to suspension or expulsion will be determined through an administrative inquiry, preceded or not by an investigation. the verification of the absence will start as soon as there is a document, reporting the facts and indicating the student (s) involved, for which he requests measures from the competent authority. if it is impossible to identify the author (s) of the offenses committed, the victim may address his request to the authority responsible for the area where the event occurred.
who is responsible for investigating inappropriate student attitudes and applying corrective measures?
verification of absences is the responsibility: absences subject to warning and reprimand will be determined by the director of the center / campus in which the student is enrolled and at his discretion
director of the center / campus where the student is enrolled
the investigation initiated by the dean or director of the center / campus is intended to survey situations and information tending to provide clarifying elements of certain acts or facts whose investigation becomes necessary, in the interest of the university. the syndication committee will be composed of at least three and at most five members, one of which is a member of the student body and one of the technical-administrative body, and the appointment of its president must be included in the act of constitution, with a deadline ten days, extendable once for an equal period, to present the report. the investigation committee is responsible for filing documents, hearing people, collecting subsidies that it deems necessary, presenting reports and opinions, forwarding the investigation records to the authority that ordered it to be instituted. they will not be allowed to participate in the syndication commission, consanguine or similar of the whistleblower or the accused, nor persons suspicious in relation to the accused and the whistleblower. the investigation may be briefly transformed into an administrative inquiry, through an act of the rector.
who makes up the syndication committee?
the syndication committee will be composed of at least three and at most five members, with one member of the student body and one of the technical-administrative body
one member of the student body and one of the technical-administrative staff
the administrative inquiry, initiated by the dean, is intended to ascertain a serious fault, committed by a student. the rector is responsible for appointing a commission, with at least three members, who will be responsible for carrying out the administrative inquiry, with a maximum period of thirty days for its completion, subject to an extension for ten days. the commission is responsible for carrying out the steps it deems convenient, listening, if necessary, to the opinion of technicians and experts. Once the investigation is initiated, the accused shall be notified, in writing, to give personal testimony regarding the charges against him, and the defendant&#39;s witnesses should be heard, at the same time and regardless of notification, in a maximum number of three. if the accused is in an uncertain and unknown place, the notification will be made by means of a public notice or notice published in the official state gazette. failure to comply with the notification will result in default of the accused and the commission&#39;s work will continue. the accused revel will have an &quot;ex-officio&quot; defender, appointed by the central student directory - dce and in his omission, by the dean. Once the due diligence of the administrative investigation is completed, the accused will be notified to, personally or through a legal representative, within five working days, present their evidence and offer a defense. After the administrative inquiry is concluded, the commission will send the report to the rector justifying the proposal for absolution or punishment, suggesting, in this case, the penalty that it considers appropriate. the rector, within ten days, will render the decision or download the report in due diligence. the defendant in an administrative inquiry, as the case may be and at the discretion of the commission, may be removed from his activities during the course of the work.
what is up to the rector?
the rector is responsible for appointing a committee
the rector is responsible for appointing a commission, with at least three members, that will be responsible for carrying out the administrative inquiry, with a maximum term of thirty days for its completion, subject to an extension for ten days
appoint committee
the approval in the disciplines will depend on the frequency and the average of achievement expressed in note. the use of learning will be verified, in each discipline, considering the academic performance during the academic period, in view of the objectives contained in the teaching plan. the verification of academic performance will be carried out by means of assessment instruments. the number and nature of the instruments and academic assessments must be the same for all academics enrolled in the class. in each discipline, the teaching plan schedule must include at least two mandatory academic assessments and one optional assessment. grades for academic assessments that can be replaced with an optional assessment grade must be specified in the teaching plan. the workload destined to carry out the optional assessments should not be counted in the course workload. the grades of all academic evaluations that will compose the average of achievement must be released, at least, three days before the optional evaluation.
the approval in the disciplines depends on what?
the approval in the disciplines will depend on the frequency and the average of achievement expressed in note
frequency and average performance expressed in a note
frequency and average performance expressed in a note
the discipline is identified by its name, code, menu, workload, prerequisite, capacity and bibliography. each class offered in the discipline must have a teaching plan containing, necessarily: identification; goals; menu; program; teaching procedures; resources; evaluation, with specification of the instruments and academic evaluations, optional evaluation, the respective dates of application and the formula for the average grade; pedagogical activity to recover performance in assessments; bibliography; and teacher&#39;s signature. the teaching plans of the disciplines must be approved by the collegiate of the course until the first day of the academic period, or, in the case of disciplines offered to multiple courses, they must be approved by the council of the sectoral administration unit that offers the respective disciplines, after hearing the collegiate of the courses involved. the opening of siscad for launches by the teacher will only take place after the teaching plan is released in the system. the professor of the discipline must present the teaching plan to the academics in the first class. in regular school periods, each class must have at least ten students, and the collegiate of the course may exceptionally authorize classes with a smaller number.
what is the minimum number of students to have a regular discipline?
each class must have at least ten students, and the collegiate of the course may, exceptionally, authorize classes with a smaller number
at least ten academics
in regular school terms, each class must have at least ten students, and the collegiate of the course may exceptionally authorize classes with a smaller number
the typology of complementary activities must be defined in a specific course regulation and may include: subjects taken as curriculum enrichment; non-mandatory internship; scientific research; teaching monitoring; extension monitoring; monograph, when not provided for in the curriculum of the pedagogical project; participation in lectures, congresses, meetings, seminars, forums, study trips, technical visits, workshops, undergraduate education projects (pegs), courses, tutorial education program (pet) and institutional program for teaching initiation scholarships (pibid ). the responsibility for verifying compliance with complementary activities will be one or more teachers, as determined by the director of the sector administration unit.
who is responsible for verifying compliance with complementary activities?
the responsibility for verifying compliance with complementary activities will be one or more teachers, as determined by the director of the sector administration unit
of one or more teachers
of one or more teachers, as determined by the director of the sector administration unit
grades and frequencies must be posted in the academic system within the deadlines defined in the academic calendar. for each discipline taken, the professor must assign to the academic an average of achievement (ma), in the form of numerical degrees with a decimal point from 0.0 (zero point zero) to 10.0 (ten point zero). to be approved in the discipline, the academic must obtain a frequency equal to or greater than seventy-five percent and average of achievement (ma) equal to or greater than 6.0 (six point zero). it will be up to the course collegiate to establish pedagogical measures to correct and prevent high failure rates and low performance in evaluations. a score of 0.0 (zero point zero) will be attributed to each event to the academic who does not carry out academic work or does not attend the evaluations. if, within ten working days after the end of the academic period, the academic does not withdraw the academic evaluations, the teacher may discard them.
what is the minimum frequency required to pass a discipline?
the student must obtain a frequency equal to or greater than seventy-five percent and an average achievement (ma) equal to or greater than 6.0 (six point zero)
to be approved in the discipline, the academic must obtain a frequency equal to or greater than seventy-five percent and average of achievement (ma) equal to or greater than 6.0 (six point zero)
seventy five percent
the academic will have the right to review his academic assessments by addressing the professor, in the first instance, by means of a request filed with the academic secretary of the sectoral administration unit where the course is offered, within three working days after the publication of the result. the teacher will have two working days to make a written statement about the request. the academic must affix his client to the response document, and receive a copy of it. the academic may appeal against the result of the review, in the collegiate course, via academic secretariat, within five working days of his client. the course collegiate must constitute a commission, composed of three professors, preferably from the area, being prohibited the inclusion of the professor who corrected the academic evaluation in question. the commission should analyze the academic&#39;s request, consult the professor, if necessary, and issue an opinion on the result of the review, within a maximum period of fifteen days after the publication of the commission&#39;s constitution resolution, and forward it for approval by the course collegiate . the professor of the discipline will be responsible for the alteration in the siscad, in case of modification of the grade resulting from the work of the review committee.
how does the academic request a discipline evaluation review?
addressing the professor, in the first instance, by means of a request filed with the academic secretary of the sectoral administration unit in which the course is offered, within three working days after the result is disclosed
the academic will have the right to review his academic evaluations by addressing the professor, in the first instance, by means of a request filed with the academic secretary of the sectoral administration unit where the course is offered
the academic will have the right to review his academic evaluations by addressing the professor, in the first instance, by means of a request filed with the academic secretary of the sector administration unit where the course is offered, within three working days after the publication of the result
the incoming candidate who is called for registration must provide the documentation provided for in the public notice and / or specific legislation. the candidate may apply for registration by proxy. the candidate who does not appear within the deadline established in the registration notice, or does not present the required documentation, will not be registered. the incoming academic according to items i and vi of art. 18 will be enrolled in all subjects foreseen for the first semester of the course and its enrollment can only be changed if there is use of previously studied subjects, according to the study plan prepared by the course coordinator. for the other forms of entry provided for in art. 18, the course coordinator, if studies are used, must prepare a study plan for each academic, and enrollment will be carried out in the disciplines provided for in the respective plan. when enrolling, the academic undertakes to respect and comply with the specific, regimental and statutory rules of ufms. it is up to the academic to keep his registration data updated, at the academic secretariat of the sectoral administration unit that offers his course or at siscad.
How is the curricular structure organized for new students with credit or disciplines?
the course coordinator, if studies are used, must prepare a study plan for each academic
the course coordinator, if studies are used, must prepare a study plan for each academic, and enrollment will be carried out in the disciplines provided for in the respective plan
the control and record of attendance to academic activities will be the responsibility of the professor responsible for the discipline, and should be carried out in each class. the allowance for absences shall obey the federal legislation in force. at the end of each month, the professor responsible for the discipline must disclose to students the number of attendance to classes effectively taught in the period. when there is a collective absence of academics enrolled in the discipline, at the place and time allocated to the class, the class hours will be recorded in the academic system with attribution of absence to the academics. the academic is entitled to recount the frequency, upon request addressed to the professor of the discipline and filed at the academic secretariat, within a maximum period of five working days after the disclosure. the result of the frequency recount request must be filed with the student in the academic file. the result of the frequency recount request will not be subject to appeal.
how should the student request a review of his frequency in a discipline?
upon request addressed to the professor of the discipline
upon request addressed to the professor of the discipline and filed at the academic secretariat
upon request addressed to the professor of the discipline and filed at the academic secretariat, within a maximum period of five working days after disclosure
the special academic period occurs between two regular academic periods lasting at least two and at most six weeks, intended to offer mandatory and optional subjects at the discretion of the course collegiate. each class must have at least ten students, and the collegiate of the course may exceptionally authorize classes with a smaller number. the academic can enroll in up to three subjects. the course coordination should request the offer of these classes to the direction of the sectoral administration unit in which the discipline is located. academic activities, in the special academic period, must comply with the provisions in force for the regular academic period, except with regard to duration.
how many courses can the student enroll for during the special term?
up to three
the academic can enroll in up to three subjects
three
three subjects
locking will be granted for up to four consecutive or alternating semesters, locking not allowed in the first academic period of entry of the student at ufms, except in the following cases: impossibility of the student being contemplated with a home exercise regime; or call for mandatory military service. the home exercise regime will obey the provisions of specific regulations. the academic will be excluded from the course, with loss of academic link with ufms: as a result of graduation; or due to the impossibility of completing your curriculum within the maximum period established in the course&#39;s pedagogical project; or as a result of disciplinary sanction; or by request of dismissal by the academic; or fail to renew enrollment within the deadlines set by the academic calendar, when automatic locking is not allowed.
what is the maximum locking period?
up to four semesters,
locking will be granted for up to four semesters,
four semesters,
the academic link with ufms will occur through enrollment in the course. the academic link will be maintained by renewing enrollment or locking enrollment. the forms of entry into ufms undergraduate courses are: holders of high school graduation certificates or equivalent that have been classified in a specific selection process; regular academics, by transfer to similar courses, through vacancies and through a selection process; regular academics, by compulsory transfer to similar courses, upon proof of compliance with specific legislation; holders of an undergraduate diploma, through vacancies and through a selection process; regular academics from other institutions, through agreements or other legal instruments of the same nature, with national or international institutions; holders of certificate of completion of high school or equivalent, through agreements or other legal instruments of the same nature signed with other countries; university students, due to internal movement between courses, due to vacancies and through a selection process; university academics, by internal exchange between similar courses, provided that they meet the requirements defined in a specific standard; and holders of an undergraduate diploma, to complement studies for the purpose of revalidating a diploma, provided that they meet the requirements defined in a specific standard. notices for filling vacancies will be issued by the dean of undergraduate education.
how do I not lose the academic link?
upon renewal of enrollment or locking of enrollment
the academic link will be maintained by renewing enrollment or locking enrollment
the discipline is identified by its name, code, menu, workload, prerequisite, capacity and bibliography. each course offer must have a student didactic guide and a teaching plan. the teaching plan must contain: identification; goals; menu; program; teaching procedures; resources; evaluation, with specification of the instruments and academic evaluations, optional evaluation, the respective dates of application and the formula for the average grade; pedagogical activity to recover performance in assessments; bibliography; and teacher identification. subjects must have, at least: a face-to-face meeting in addition to face-to-face assessment; and at least one synchronous meeting, between teachers and students, every 34 hours of the discipline&#39;s workload. each face-to-face meeting will have a minimum workload of 10 hours, excluding the workload of face-to-face assessments.
What is the minimum workload for the face-to-face meeting?
10 hours
each face-to-face meeting will have a minimum workload of 10 hours, excluding the workload of face-to-face assessments
minimum workload of 10 hours
Resolution No. 401, of November 22, 2013, which establishes the rules for the renewal of enrollment for undergraduate, face-to-face courses at the Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul Foundation, comes into force with the following provision: after the validation of the enrollments, by the director of the sectorial administration unit of the course, it will not be allowed to exclude or include subjects in the student&#39;s enrollment. this resolution takes effect on the date of its publication.
when is the resolution in 401?
November 22, 2013
November 22, 2013
what does resolution No. 401 establish?
Resolution No. 401, of November 22, 2013, which establishes the rules for the renewal of enrollment for undergraduate, face-to-face courses at the Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul Foundation
rules for the renewal of enrollment for undergraduate courses
norms for the renewal of enrollment for undergraduate, face-to-face courses at the federal university foundation of mato grosso do sul
the compulsory transfer to ufms undergraduate courses will be carried out in accordance with law No. 9,536 / 97, and with the requirements of this regulation. the compulsory transfer will be granted for the continuation of studies of the original course or, if there is none, of similar course. the course of origin referred to in the caput of this article must be recognized or have its operation authorized by the competent body. for the purposes of applying the provision in the caput of this article, the affinity between courses will be the object of appreciation by the dean of undergraduate education, and the decision of the decision of the undergraduate education council may be appealed.
is there a law on compulsory transfer?
to her no 9.536 / 97
the compulsory transfer to undergraduate courses at ufms will be carried out in accordance with law 9.536 / 97
she no 9.536 / 97
