id	label	premise	hipothesis
0		The caramel dog is watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond	A pet dog is standing on the bench and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond.
1		The guy is doing floor exercises	A guy is doing exercises
2		A big dog and a little dog are standing by the kitchen counter and are investigating.	A big dog and a little dog are standing at the kitchen counter and investigating
3		A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping in a blue kids pool	A young boy is wearing a red swimsuit and jumping out of a child&#39;s pool
4		An old guy with a gray beard is riding a bicycle	An old guy with a gray beard is riding a bicycle
5		A bottle is being licked by the cat	The cat is licking an object
6		People are not walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall	A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool.
7		A guy on a bike is riding a lonely wheel	A guy is riding a bicycle with one wheel
8		A woman is riding a horse	There&#39;s no woman riding a horse
9		A person is not peeling a banana	A man is reading an email
10		A young black child is waiting on the edge of a body of water near some buckets.	A young black child is standing on the edge of a puddle near some buckets.
11		The mound of men is playing with mud in a rugby field	Some men are playing rugby.
12		Four people are walking through the thick snow and the sun is setting	No one is crossing the snow in the beautiful snowy landscape
13		A baby is cheering up another baby	A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
14		A woman is peeling a potato	A woman is not peeling a potato
15		A dog is swimming behind the ball	A dog is barking at a ball
16		A boy is making a speech	A boy is talking
17		A student in uniform with a black bag is on a crowded train	A girl with a black bag is in a crowded train
18		A white collar dog is walking in the water	A shirtless man is playing soccer on a lawn
19		Two preteen twin boys are dueling with sticks	Two preteen twin boys are playing with cards
20		The mound of men is playing rugby in a muddy field	Some men are playing rugby.
21		A guy is sprinkling grated cheese on a pizza	A guy is sprinkling cheese on a pizza.
22		A dog is running up the grassy hill	There are no dogs running up the grassy hill
23		A child is running in and out of the ocean waves	A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
24		People are rowing and rowing	Some people are sailing by boat
25		The lady is catching the kangaroo	The woman is catching the kangaroo
26		Two little children are playing with a toy car on the street.	A girl is pushing a kart and a daughter is watching her father
27		A group of people are sitting relaxed near a red stone monument.	A group of people are sitting next to a red stone structure.
28		Two boys are lying in the ocean near the beach	Two boys are lying in the water near the beach
29		A small child is outdoors climbing outdoor steps in a grassy area	A little child is outdoors climbing steps in a grassy area.
30		There&#39;s no rabbit playing with a toy rabbit	A rabbit is playing with a stuffed rabbit
31		A rabbit is eating a piece of bamboo	The rabbit is eating bamboo
32		A person is jumping high in the air on a board	Someone is jumping in the air on a board
33		A group of dogs are competing and have muzzles on their noses.	A group of dogs bred for running are wearing striped uniforms and are running along the way.
34		A boy and a girl are naked	The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats
35		There&#39;s no man singing and playing guitar	The man is singing and playing the guitar
36		A man and woman are driving down the road in a homeless vehicle	Two men are driving down a road in a convertible vehicle
37		There&#39;s no boy mowing lawn with shears	A boy is mowing the lawn with shears
38		A man is slicing a potato into pieces	There&#39;s no man slicing a potato into pieces
39		The man is cracking eggs in a bowl	The lady is breaking an egg in a bowl
40		The guy is carefully feeding the snake with a mouse	A guy is feeding a rat to the snake
41		A brown dog is jumping over a red obstacle	A young man is running away from the fishing line
42		A man is not playing the drums	A man is playing the guitar
43		A woman is riding a horse	A woman is not riding a horse
44		The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue	A young boy is playing in the park with his mother
45		A young girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking lot.	A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk
46		A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth with difficulty and running through the grass.	A large dog is carrying a ball in its mouth and running through the grass.
47		A clown is singing on the stage and people are dancing	A person in a clown costume is singing
48		A big white dog is running across the lawn	A little white dog is running across the lawn
49		A man is slicing a fish	There&#39;s no man chopping a fish
50		A soda is being opened and taken by a girl	A person is opening a soda and drinking
51		A brown dog and a black dog are far from the grass	A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass
52		The guy is walking happily in the woods	The guy is climbing in the woods
53		A woman is riding a horse	Something is being fried by a woman
54		A man is cutting an onion	There&#39;s no woman slicing an onion
55		A child is singing and playing a guitar happily	A child is playing the guitar
56		Two boys are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building	Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets.
57		A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice	Someone is standing in a vast ice field
58		The animal is chasing a ball in the grass	An animal is running after a ball in the grass
59		A man is riding a motorcycle	The man is riding a scooter
60		An old man is sitting on a bench	The woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
61		An older guy is riding a mechanical bull	The guy is riding a bull that is mechanical
62		A dog that is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.	A dog near a tree, which is probably a pine tree, is knocking over a bucket.
63		A man in a white hat is leaving the stage	Four people are doing an outdoor music performance
64		A person is pouring cooking oil into a pan	A person is pouring cooking oil into a pan
65		A big man is sitting in a military accessory store	A big man is sitting in a military accessories store
66		Chunks of butter are being added to the mixer	There&#39;s no man slicing butter in a mixing bowl
67		A panda bear is eating some bamboo	Some bamboo is being eaten by a panda bear
68		A baby elephant is not eating a wee tree	A small girl is negotiating a scooter
69		A young child with black hair is taking a picture with a camera	A black haired child is taking a picture with a camera
70		Rugby players are facing each other	An opponent is attacking a soccer player
71		A man in a white hat and a brown shirt stands behind a woman in red and is looking to the left.	A man in a white hat and brown t-shirt stands behind a woman in red and is looking to the side.
72		There&#39;s no rabbit playing with a toy rabbit	A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit
73		An animal with a blue dyed blanket is running across the grass	An animal with a blue blanket is running through the grass
74		A bulldog is being brushed by the monkey	The monkey is brushing a bulldog
75		A young couple is laying on the grass	The couple is lying on the grass together
76		There&#39;s no man riding a motorcycle	The men are playing soccer
77		A guy is running down the road	A guy is running
78		A person is playing a flute	An individual is playing the flute
79		A girl is cutting a butter carrot in two pieces	A girl is cutting the carrot in two pieces
80		The man is giving an interview	A white car is being driven by a man
81		A dog is running across a field and chasing a ball	An animal is going towards a toy
82		Green vegetables are being mixed in a pan by a man	A guy is mixing vegetables in a pan
83		A lemur is licking a person&#39;s finger	A lemur is biting a person&#39;s finger
84		A rabbit is running tiredly in circles	An animal is running in circles.
85		A man and a girl are shaking hands	Two people are shaking hands
86		A woman is cutting a lemon.	A man is cutting a lemon.
87		A woman is riding a watercraft	A woman is riding a motorcycle for water
88		A soda is being opened and taken by a lady	A lady is opening a soda and drinking
89		A brown puppy is gnawing on a wooden post that is stuck to the ground.	A brown puppy is biting a post.
90		A blonde girl is riding waves	A blonde girl is surfing
91		A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is turning around in a barrel	A cowgirl is riding a horse
92		A lady is amalgamating eggs	A lady is mixing eggs
93		A man in a pose is being playfully assisted by another man	A man doing a pose is being watched by another
94		A guy is petting two dogs	Two dogs are being petted by a guy
95		A man is not cutting an onion	A man is opening a door.
96		The man is not standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are not in the background.	A topless person with a backpack stands in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background.
97		A young boy is singing and playing the guitar	There&#39;s no young boy singing and playing guitar
98		The ball is being buried by a guy in a team shirt at a basketball game	A guy in a team shirt is burying a ball in a basketball game
99		The crowd is watching two race cars that are leaving the starting line	Some people in a drag race are looking at the flames coming out of the cars.
100		A girl is showing a very longhaired dog in a dog show	A very long-haired dog is being displayed by a girl at a dog show
101		Two men are fighting	Some men are struggling
102		A big green ball is hitting a potato	A large ball of green color is hitting a potato
103		A girl is eating a cupcake	A woman is eating a cupcake
104		Some mexican food is being prepared by a chef	A chef is preparing some food
105		A monkey is kicking a person	A monkey is practicing martial arts
106		Four athletes are with a woman in a crowded stadium	A person in a pink jacket is running to the field
107		A black and white dog is playing with a wrecked volleyball in a brown field.	A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball
108		A man and a woman are driving down the road in a car	A man and woman are driving down the road in a homeless vehicle
109		A man is playing the drums	A man is playing the guitar
110		A guy is squirting a white dog&#39;s mouth water with a water pistol	Water is being squirted by a guy in the mouth of a white dog with a water gun
111		A brown puppy is pulling a metal pole that is stuck to the floor	A puppy is biting a post.
112		The outdoor skating rink is full of people	Many people are in a skating park
113		A woman is cutting potatoes	There&#39;s no woman cutting potatoes
114		An old girl is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants	The girl is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
115		A rabbit is playing with a stuffed rabbit	There&#39;s no rabbit playing with a stuffed bunny
116		A man on a yellow sports bike is prancing and a friend on a black bike is approaching	A cyclist on a yellow sports bike is prancing and his friend on a black bike is approaching
117		A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on it	The dog is swimming and the sun is shining on him
118		No one is cooking okra in a frying pan	Someone is cooking okra in a pan
119		Two girls and one lady are dancing	Three women are dancing
120		A girl is waking up	A girl is not falling asleep
121		The boy is abruptly knocked off a horse	The boy is being knocked off the animal
122		A man is riding a mechanical bull.	A man is playing keyboards
123		The lady is playing an acoustic guitar and singing	A person is playing a guitar and singing
124		A woman is dancing near a fire.	There are no women dancing near a bonfire
125		The boy is being trained in martial arts	The boy is practicing martial arts
126		The drums are being played by the guy	The guy is playing the drums
127		There&#39;s no girl communicating with sign language	A girl is communicating with sign language
128		Someone is playing the guitar	Someone is playing a piano
129		Three women are dancing	A person is dancing
130		A man is playing the guitar	A woman is cooking something in a frying pan.
131		Three women are resting in a village	Three women are sitting in a village
132		The crowd is watching two race cars that are leaving the starting line	People in a drag race are looking at the flames coming out of the cars.
133		The lady is dicing onions	A lady is cutting an onion
134		Two kids are rolling in muddy water	Two boys are lying in the water near the beach
135		A dog is sitting on the floor	A dog is running on the floor
136		A woman is pulling a sticky goo out of a bowl	A woman is putting some sticky slime in a bowl
137		A magic trick is being performed by the magician	The guy is doing a magic trick
138		A man in a red uniform is jumping on a mountain bike race	A man is participating in a bmxs race
139		A fish is being sliced by a man	A person is slicing fish
140		A boy is tapping his nails	A dog is running on the floor
141		There&#39;s no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweater and earrings and smiling	A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
142		A brown dog is jumping in the air	A seemingly malnourished dog is standing on its hind legs and getting ready to jump.
143		There&#39;s no woman frying something	A woman is riding a horse
144		The boy is eating cereal	Cereal is being eaten by a boy
145		Okra is being cooked in a frying pan	Someone is cooking okra in a pan
146		A guy is folding a tortilla	A tortilla is being folded by one person
147		A person is slicing a potato	A person is playing a piano
148		The black and white dog is running in a green yard	A black and white dog is running outdoors.
149		There&#39;s no man playing guitar next to a drummer	A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the light.
150		A dog is running up the grassy hill	A dog is quickly running uphill
151		A guy is strumming a guitar	A guy is playing the guitar
152		A dog is swimming behind a tennis ball	An animal is barking at a ball
153		A man is carelessly spreading butter on a garlic bread.	Someone is spreading butter on a slice of garlic bread.
154		Three people are walking across a rope and steel bridge over a river.	People are walking across a rope bridge over a rocky creek.
155		There&#39;s no man chopping onion	A woman is slicing an onion
156		A couple of female cops are singing	Two women are dancing
157		A girl who is small with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing	A blond boy in green is sitting on a swing
158		A woman is taking eggs from a bowl	A woman is cracking eggs in a bowl
159		A woman in jeans is standing in front of a group of children next to a stone house.	A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children next to a house made of stone.
160		A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking beer	A man is sitting on the grass and drinking water from a bottle.
161		A woman who is sitting is singing a song and playing the guitar	A sitting woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
162		The kids are chasing each other in the sand	A small boy is running on the floor and playing with the small girl
163		A guy is riding a motorcycle around town	A guy is riding a motorcycle
164		A guy and a woman are shaking hands	Two people are shaking hands
165		The guy is pouring some oil on the tomatoes	Some oil is being poured over the tomatoes by a guy
166		The boy and the girl are not playing and wearing buoys of arms	A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats.
167		An elephant is wandering aimlessly	An elephant is walking aimlessly
168		A man is running	There&#39;s no man running down the road
169		A woman is slicing butter	Tofu is being sliced by a woman
170		The woman is cooking eggs in a red pan	The woman is cooking something
171		Two men are rafting on the coast near an orange biker	Two men are driving an orange dinghy along the coast
172		A guy is massaging a woman	A woman is being massaged by a guy
173		Two teams are enthusiastically playing field soccer	Different groups are playing soccer
174		A lady is boiling pasta in the water	Pasta is being boiled in water by a lady
175		A blonde child is sliding down a slide and raising her arms	The child is going down a slide and throwing his arms up
176		A guy is drawing some pictures	A person is drawing some figures.
177		A man is playing a guitar	A girl is playing a guitar
178		The guy is playing a game on the lawn	The guy is playing a game on the grass
179		A woman is not cutting an octopus	A woman is slicing an octopus
180		The woman is sitting near a flowerbed and is supervising a tunnel	A woman is sitting near a flowerbed and is supervising a tunnel.
181		One father is pulling his daughter in a go-cart and another girl is looking away	One father is pushing his daughter in a go-cart and another girl is watching
182		A lady is walking the dog on the street	The dog is being taken for a walk by the lady
183		Several people are singing	There are people making music
184		A golden-haired dog is swimming by the water	A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on it
185		The man on stage is singing into the microphone	A man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone and singing
186		The black dog is carrying a blue and white ball in its mouth	An animal is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth.
187		The guy is talking on the handset	The guy is talking on the phone
188		The group of people are sitting in a dark room	The group of people are sitting in a room that is dark
189		A biker is wearing a gear that is red	One person riding a motorcycle is wearing equipment that is red
190		A brown dog is jumping in the air	A brown dog is sitting
191		A lady is frying food	Some foods are being fried by a lady
192		A soccer player is reading the email	Someone is reading the email
193		A guy is buttering a slice of bread	A guy is buttering a loaf of bread
194		Two girls are crouching under some bars made of metal	Two kids are crouching under some metal bars
195		A group of men are happily playing cricket	Some guys are playing cricket
196		A black dog with a red collar is putting his face in the water	A dog with black coat is standing in the shallow
197		The bride and groom are leaving after the wedding	A married couple is walking down the aisle
198		A dirty yellow dog is rolling in the dirt and looking straight into the camera.	A dog, which is dirty, is rolling in the dirt and looking straight into a camera
199		Two teen girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event	A woman in white clothes and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage.
200		A teenager is performing stunts on a motorcycle	A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
201		A woman is combing her hair	A woman is fixing her hair
202		A black man is walking on the pavement	The dark-skinned man is on one hand in front of a yellow building
203		People are crossing a rope bridge over a rocky creek.	People are walking across a rope bridge over a rocky creek.
204		A girl is sanding her nails	A girl is combing her hair
205		A girl is wearing a long black coat and a brown hat and is walking through a park with a lot of blooming trees.	A girl who is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking
206		Many people are sitting at tiny tables in a dark room.	People are sitting at the table in a red room.
207		A black shirt is being worn by a guy who is sitting at the table and laughing	A guy wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
208		A girl is peeling a potato	Someone is peeling a potato
209		A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks.	A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood
210		A man in a black team shirt is standing in a gym	A man in a black team shirt is standing in a gym
211		A cyclist is holding a bicycle over his head in a group of people.	There&#39;s no cold cyclist celebrating
212		A woman is putting a baby in a trash can	The woman is sticking a potato
213		A man is practicing drums	The guy is touching
214		A man is playing a flute	A man is riding a motorcycle
215		The dog is being taken for a walk by the lady	The lady is walking the dog
216		A girl is riding a horse	The boy is trotting on the horse
217		A skateboarder is doing tricks on a track.	A boy is skateboarding on a track
218		A cunning cat is digging the earth	A cat is digging the earth
219		Two kids are not sticking out blue and green colored tongues	Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
220		A boy and a girl are naked	A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats.
221		The cat is looking at a store counter	A dog is looking around
222		A person is playing the guitar and singing	A person is playing a guitar and singing
223		A large group of cheerleaders are walking in a parade.	Cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms
224		A cat is jumping in a box	An animal is jumping into a container
225		The boy is playing in the mud	There&#39;s no cat playing with a device
226		Potato is being peeled by a lady	A lady is peeling the potato
227		A black animal in the snow is jumping off the ground and catching a stick	An animal in the snow is jumping off the ground and picking up a stick
228		A badger is digging the earth fast	The badger is digging a hole
229		A guy is playing a guitar intensely	The guy is intensely playing the guitar
230		A lady in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach	The woman in the hat is wearing a bikini on the beach
231		A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and picking up a small twig	A dog is jumping and catching a stick
232		A man is playing the trumpet	Someone is playing with a frog
233		The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar cover open for donations.	There&#39;s no man in a purple suit standing in front of a purple box and playing the guitar
234		Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls	Some kids are wearing black pants and jumping
235		A white man is deftly dancing break on the floor	A white man is dancing break on the sidewalk
236		A woman and a girl are riding horses	A horse is being ridden by someone
237		One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water.	One boy in orange shorts is standing on a cliff above the water and the other boy is jumping from there in the water
238		Two pandas are lying together.	Two panda babies are sleeping
239		A woman is talking to a boy	A boy is talking to a woman
240		An egg is being cracked in a bowl by a girl	This girl is breaking an egg in a bowl
241		A little child is showing excitement on a set of swings in the park.	The little girl is swimming and the woman is standing behind her
242		A man is putting an electronic device	The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy
243		Orange rescue boat is running through the water	Two men are sailing in an orange dinghy on the beach
244		The guy is playing the flute	The person is playing the flute
245		A woman is not frying some food	A woman is frying food
246		A man is singing into an old microphone	A person is singing into the microphone
247		Three guys are driving quad bikes on a street	Three people are driving ATVs
248		Two little children are unoccupied in the street	One father is pushing his daughter in a go-cart and another girl is watching
249		A man is climbing, pausing and calculating the route.	A man is climbing, stopping and calculating the route.
250		The panda is running	A panda bear is moving fast
251		The guy is playing an acoustic guitar	A guy is playing the guitar
252		There&#39;s no young boy jumping in the air with bent knees and open arms	A person in a green shirt is jumping high over the grass
253		A dog is running on the beach and chasing a ball	A dog is running in the sand and chasing a ball
254		One person, who is topless and with a backpack, stands in front of a pile of rocks and clouds in the background.	The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background.
255		A woman is wearing a shirt, which is blue, with a white vest and a white cap, and is talking and walking.	A woman in a blue-and-white uniform with a white-and-blue hat is holding her mouth open and standing close to other people dressed in the same way.
256		You are walking a dog down the street	A lady is walking the dog on the street
257		A pair of children are showing their tongues colored blue and green.	Two kids are putting their blue and green tongues out
258		A man is diving into a pool full of people.	A man is diving in the water
259		A girl is tapping her nails	A big dog is running on the floor
260		A lady is frying some food	The food is being fried by a lady
261		A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man	A man is holding an electronic device.
262		There&#39;s no man walking a path through nature	A man is peeling an onion
263		A man is skiing downhill and over a red obstacle	A man is skiing downhill and jumping over a red obstacle
264		A rabbit is biting a person&#39;s finger	An animal is biting someone&#39;s finger
265		A boy in a hat is wearing sunglasses	A boy is wearing sunglasses
266		A boy is saying a word	A baby is talking
267		A person in a pink jacket is not running to the field	A person in a pink jacket is running to the field
268		A woman is driving a car and talking to the guy sitting next to her	Woman and man are driving by car
269		The dog is chasing a ball in the grass	A dog is running after a ball in the grass
270		A man is dancing on the floor.	A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling
271		The man is not exercising	The man is doing exercise
272		The black bird is not sitting on a leafless tree	The black bird is sitting on a leafless tree
273		A girl is tapping her fingers on a desk	This girl is tapping her fingers
274		Snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill	A snowboarder is jumping from the snow.
275		There&#39;s no man standing next to a big colorful bird cage	A man is standing next to a bird cage.
276		A girl is riding on a watercraft	A watercraft is being ridden by one person
277		The man is riding a horse near a stream	A horse is being ridden by one person
278		Motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants	A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is parking on the ground and people are not looking
279		A brown and white dog is playing in the grass	A dog is playing in the green field
280		A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail	A man is riding a mountain bike down a dirt hill
281		A boy is pushing the buttons of a microwave	The buttons on a microwave are being pushed by a boy
282		Three women are dancing	Some women are dancing.
283		A guy is slowly folding a tortilla	A person is wrapping a tortilla
284		The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses.	The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is not standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
285		A man on a motorcycle is not riding a wheel	A man on a motorcycle is riding on a wheel.
286		There is no person slicing an onion	A person is slicing an onion
287		A little boy is standing in the woods	There are no young children standing in front of some trees
288		A person is peeling a potato	There is no person peeling a potato
289		A guy is pouring oil into a sautese	A guy is pouring oil into a frying pan.
290		A woman is slicing an onion	A man is cutting an onion
291		A lemur is biting a person&#39;s finger	An animal is biting someone&#39;s hand
292		A person is standing dangerously on white ice.	A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
293		A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo	A dog is being teased by the monkey at the zoo
294		A man is sprinkling grated cheese on a pizza.	There&#39;s no man sprinkling grated cheese on a pizza
295		Two dogs run fast through the park	Dogs are running through the park
296		A dog is running towards a ball	An animal is running
297		The girl in blue is chasing the orange and yellow ball	Girl in blue clothes is chasing the colorful ball
298		A man and two girls are walking on the beach	Three people are walking on the beach
299		The boy is mowing the sidewalk grass with scissors	A child is mowing grass with scissors
300		Two boys are wearing tuxedos	Two kids are wearing tuxedos
301		One man is jumping off a stone wall and another man is dropping a rope	The men are climbing a mountain
302		A dog is jumping high in the air in the field	A cat is jumping high in the air in the field
303		The man is adding spice to the water in a bowl	The man is not adding spice in some water in a bowl
304		A little dog is lying in a bed	A little dog is lying down
305		The boy is riding a bicycle on the fence made of metal	A cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence
306		A lady is dancing beautifully in a cage.	A lady is dancing in a cage.
307		The man is adding spice to the water in a bowl	The man is seasoning the sausages
308		A squirrel is insanely spinning in circles.	The animal is running in circles.
309		The man is not adding spice in some water in a bowl	The man is adding spice to the water in a bowl
310		A young girl in a bikini is jumping on the beach	A young girl in a swimsuit is jumping on the beach
311		Carrots are being cut by a woman	A woman is cutting potatoes
312		The blonde girl is dancing in front of the sound equipment that is playing	The sound system is playing
313		A little child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase.	A little child is lying outdoors in a grassy area.
314		Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset	Two people are wading by the water
315		A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and is playing with a brown dog in the grass.	The white dog is not wearing reindeer ears and is not near a brown dog
316		A child wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill	A boy is going through the sand
317		A sheepdog is herding a flock of sheep	A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm
318		A person in a blue jacket is jumping off a tall concrete wall	A big jump is being performed by a man
319		A teen girl is wearing beads that are red	A teen girl is wearing beads that are red
320		A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is parking on the ground and people are not looking	Motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants
321		The lady is dicing garlic	A lady is slicing garlic
322		The brown dog is smelling the tail of a little black dog	A big brown dog and a little gray dog are standing on a rocky surface.
323		A cheetah is running fast after a mouse	The cheetah is running fast after an animal
324		The men are playing with a ball	A man is riding a motorcycle
325		A man and a middle-aged lady are riding a bicycle along a road near the water.	A middle aged man and woman are riding bicycles along a road beside the water.
326		A man in a blue suit is standing near a purple box and is playing guitar	The man is opening a guitar to receive coins and playing with the instrument cover
327		The man is seasoning the sausages	The man is not adding spice in some water in a bowl
328		A wee boy in a shirt, who is yellow, is laughing at the beach	A boy is wearing yellow clothes and is laughing
329		There is no person riding a bicycle	A person is riding a bicycle
330		A black man is dancing break on the sidewalk	A yellow palm tree is in front of a building and a dark-skinned man is standing near it.
331		The guy is carefully feeding a snake with a mouse.	A snake is being fed a mouse by a guy
332		A flute is being played adorable by a girl	A flute is being played by a girl
333		A man and a woman are eating fruits happily.	A man and a woman are eating.
334		A man is completely emptying a container made of plastic.	A man is emptying a container made of plastic
335		A homeless house man is holding a sign and begging for money	A homeless man is tearing down a sign and refusing any charity
336		A dog with golden fur is in the water	A dog with golden fur is out of the water
337		A girl is wearing costume and is riding a bicycle on a busy street	A bike is being pedaled by one person
338		A big duck is flying above a rocky stream	A large duck is flying over a stream
339		A girl is eating a cupcake	The boy is eating a cupcake
340		The man is wearing a diving suit and is riding a surfboard	The man is lying naked near a surfboard
341		Several boys are jumping on a trampoline	Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
342		The man is making a big leap	A person in a blue jacket is jumping over a high cement wall
343		A girl is frying something in a frying pan	A person is cooking something in a frying pan.
344		There&#39;s no woman with black hair standing in front of a wooden wall	Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall
345		A guy is dancing	Some guy is dancing
346		Two dogs are playing outdoors	There are animals playing
347		The panda is drinking water from the fountain	A panda bear is drinking some water
348		A large crowd of warm clothes is posing for a camera.	A crowd is posing for a large cameraman wearing heavy clothes.
349		The man is talking on the phone.	The man is not talking on the phone
350		The black dog is running through the grass	The black dog is not running through the grass
351		A soccer player in red and white uniform is being knocked down by two teammates	A soccer player in red and white uniform is being held up by two teammates
352		Some food is being prepared by a mexican chef	A chef is preparing food
353		A caramel dog is resting in the snow	A yellow dog is running in the white snow on a sunny day.
354		There&#39;s nobody climbing the cave with a pink interior	Four Middle Eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing into the cave with a pink interior.
355		A person is riding a bicycle	A black cyclist in a red bicycle uniform is standing in the dirt.
356		A guy is removing the skin of an onion	A guy is peeling an onion
357		A cow is eating hay	A cow is not eating grass
358		Five young students are floating in a dinghy	Some people are floating in a dinghy
359		A tiny black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming	A little black and white dog is biting a stick and swimming.
360		A girl is cutting the potato in two pieces	A person is cutting the potato into two pieces.
361		A woman is cracking eggs	A man is talking to a woman
362		A girl is shooting a practice target	A woman is shooting a practice target
363		A man with a hat behind is sitting on the floor	An old man in a white shirt and black and gold hat is sitting cross legged
364		A homeless man is holding a sign and begging others for money	A homeless man is holding a sign and is begging for money
365		The panda bear is lying on the trunks	A cute panda is not lying down
366		A guitar is being played by a girl	A man is playing a guitar
367		A dog is jumping to catch a frisbee in the snow	The dog is jumping to get the toy outdoors
368		The sun is shining on the face of the girl in the yellow dress	There&#39;s no girl in a brown dress being surrounded by children and closing their eyes
369		A child is smiling at the camera and swimming under water	A child is swimming under water in a pool
370		A man is playing keyboards	A man is falling from a mechanical bull
371		A group of race dogs are wearing striped uniforms and are running down the track.	A group of dogs are competing furiously and have muzzles on their noses.
372		A tiger cub is making a sound	A tiger is not walking in circles
373		A man is sitting on a boat facing the sunset near a flag	A man is on a ship in front of the sunset
374		A guy is on a ship in front of the sunset	A guy is in a boat in front of the sunset
375		The lady is casting shadow	The woman is casting shadow
376		An interview is being granted by the guy	The guy is giving an interview
377		A person is not cutting garlic into pieces with a knife	A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.
378		A big dog is climbing a steep hill	A big dog is going down a steep hill
379		A man and a lady are shaking hands.	Two people are shaking hands
380		A guy is wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding down a street on a unicycle.	A guy is wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle on a street
381		The man is shouting at the recruits	The man is shouting at the recruits
382		A naked girl is riding beside her bike at night	A woman in purple clothes is taking a bicycle between two stone columns
383		A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a cheerful dance.	A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing
384		There&#39;s no monkey pulling a dog&#39;s tail	A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo
385		A distant person with a blue backpack is walking in a rocky area.	A distant person with a blue backpack is climbing an area full of rocks.
386		A man is squirting a white dog&#39;s mouth water with a water pistol	A man is sneezing with a cup of water in the dog&#39;s mouth
387		The girl is cooking eggs	The woman is cooking something
388		A horse and his rider are jumping over a barrier	A horse and rider are not jumping over an obstacle
389		People in a drag race are looking at the flames coming out of the cars.	Some people in a drag race are watching the flames coming out of the cars.
390		A person is stopping the bike on the sand beside the ocean	A person is riding a bicycle on the sand beside the ocean
391		The lady is pouring oil into the frying pan	Oil is being poured into a frying pan by the lady
392		A yellow skier is getting some air	A skier dressed in yellow is taking a little breath
393		A surfer is riding a big wave	A surfer is riding a huge wave
394		A chimpanzee is eating a carrot	A monkey is eating a carrot
395		Several girls are sitting on the floor and raise their knees	The girls are sitting
396		A white and black dog is catching a dirty golf ball on a dirt field.	A dog is running in the sand and chasing a ball
397		A man is talking on the radio with another man	Two people are talking
398		The boy on the grass is lying down and is holding the soccer ball between his feet	The soccer ball is between the feet of a boy lying on the grass
399		A man is doing exercises on the floor.	A man is doing exercises.
400		A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a cart along a road	A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a cart along a paved road
401		The woman is eating	A woman is mixing eggs
402		Four athletes are with a man in a full stadium	A person in a pink jacket is running to the field
403		A small boy with a bib is watching the camera	There are no tanned children looking at the camera
404		A cat is playing with a watermelon	Some cat is playing with a vegetable
405		A caramel dog is running through the snow	A yellow dog is stopping in the white snow on a sunny day.
406		A guy is lifting bars	Or face is lifting weights
407		Several people stand in front of a building that is covered in color.	People stand in front of a colorful building
408		A man is putting spice in a pizza	A man is sprinkling grated cheese on a pizza.
409		Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue rug	Two kids in white clothes and red safety gear are fighting on a rug
410		A wee boy in a yellow shirt is laughing at the beach	A laughing boy is in a yellow tank top and is wearing a tank top
411		A small child is splashing water inside a blue kiddie pool	A child is splashing water in a tiny blue pool
412		The little boy is not singing and playing the guitar	A baby is playing a guitar
413		A man is singing and walking down the road.	A man is fishing in the river
414		A cyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp	The bicycle woman is jumping from a pyramid
415		Rider on a blue and black motocross bike is not wearing his pants	Motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants
416		A brown dog is staring intently at a brown and white dog	There are no brown dogs staring intently at a brown and white dog
417		A woman is eating a cupcake	A woman is eating a cake
418		Men are sawing logs	The men are chopping wood
419		A man is fishing in the river	A man is fishing in the stream
420		A guy is using a knife to open a box	A guy is opening a box with a knife
421		A man is breaking a concrete slab with a sledgehammer	There&#39;s no man breaking a concrete slab with a sledgehammer
422		Kittens are eating ration in trays	The cats are eating
423		A person on the motorcycle is raising an arm	Someone on a motorcycle is raising his arm
424		A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp	A woman dressed in black is wearing roller skates and performing a trick on a rail
425		A man on a bike is riding on the coast	A person is riding a bicycle on the sand beside the ocean
426		A guy is reading the email	Someone is checking the email
427		A girl is shooting a practice target	A person is shooting a practice target
428		A guy is dancing on the ceiling.	A person is dancing on the ceiling.
429		A woman is putting pasta on a plate	Some sticky slime is being taken from a bowl by a woman
430		There&#39;s no girl applying makeup on your face	A girl is applying makeup on her face
431		A girl in uniform is playing the flute with a band	A girl in a band is playing the flute
432		A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall	The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall
433		Two girls and one teenager are dancing	Three women are dancing
434		A guy is carrying a woman	A woman is being carried by a guy
435		One lady and three men are posing motionless for a photo.	Three men and one lady are posing for a photo
436		Someone is pouring ingredients into a pan	Someone is adding something in a pan
437		The brown-haired dog is playing outdoors	The brown dog is playing
438		Black man is lifting weights	The weights are being lifted by the man.
439		A person is eating at a table.	A person is not eating at a table
440		Someone is standing in a vast glacial ice field	A person is standing in an ice field
441		Two kids are crouching under some metal bars	Two kids are stretching on top of some metal bars
442		A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage	A girl is playing grand piano on stage
443		The girl is doing makeup on man	A man&#39;s face is being painted by a girl
444		A kitten is playing with a toy.	The cat is playing with an object
445		The cyclist is looking at an accident of another cyclist	One person is ignoring the motocross bike that is lying on its side and no one is running around
446		A man in a blue suit is standing near a purple box and is playing guitar	The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar cover open for donations.
447		A cyclist is holding a bicycle over his head on a sunny day.	A bicycle is being held by a cyclist over his head in the sun.
448		Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees.	People are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant.
449		A man in a big city is holding a sign and asking for money	A homeless house man is holding a sign and begging for money
450		A boy has a blue face and dirt on his shirt	A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face
451		The monkey is brushing the animal	A monkey is brushing the animal
452		A guy in a suit is standing in front of a microphone and singing	The guy on stage is singing into the microphone
453		There is no man reading the email	Someone is reading the email
454		A concentrated lady is playing the flute	A lady is playing the flute
455		A girl is sanding her nails	A girl is doing a manicure
456		Someone is folding a piece of paper.	A person is not folding a piece of paper
457		A white dog is standing on top of fallen leaves.	There are no white dogs standing in the leaves on the ground
458		There&#39;s no woman putting a child in a trash can	A woman is putting a baby in a trash can
459		A guy in a dyed purple shirt is looking at the guy in the black shirt who is making a funny face	A guy in a purple-dyed shirt is looking at a guy in a black shirt who is making a face that looks funny
460		The baby is not laughing and crawling	The baby is laughing and crawling
461		A lady is showing a very longhaired dog in a dog show	A very long-haired dog is being displayed by a lady at a dog show
462		A black dog is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth	The black dog is walking the grass and running with his tongue out
463		A man is hiding a wee monkey	A man is showing a wee monkey
464		A group of people are standing around a soundboard.	Several people are standing around a stereo
465		The dog is chasing a ball in the grass	There&#39;s no dog chasing a ball in the grass
466		A yellow dog is not drinking tap water	A yellow dog is drinking tap water
467		A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture	A cat is sliding upside down on a couch
468		The drums are being played by the boy	A boy is playing the drums
469		A guy is felling a tree with an ax	A tree is being cut by a guy with an ax
470		A black and white dog is carrying a big stick in the green grass	A black and white dog is carrying a wee stick on the green grass.
471		A group of skaters are lining up on the street.	A group of skaters are lining up on the road.
472		A sheepdog is scattering a flock of sheep	A sheepdog is herding a flock of sheep
473		A young boy is jumping in a chair	A young boy is jumping from a chair
474		The lady is catching and holding a kangaroo baby	A lady is catching and holding a kangaroo baby in her arms.
475		A woman is marching with a pair of dogs.	A woman is walking with a pair of dogs
476		A man is dancing on the ceiling.	There&#39;s no famous singer dancing on the ceiling
477		The sun is shining on the face of the girl in the yellow dress	The children are surrounding a girl in a brown dress who is closing her eyes
478		The man is not seasoning the sausages	The man is seasoning the sausages
479		A baby is playing with a doll	There&#39;s no tiger cub playing with a ball
480		A dog is running with a ball	The black dog is carrying a blue and white ball in its mouth
481		Three women are sitting together near fabric walls	Some women are sitting together.
482		The girl is passing shadow	A girl is passing shadow
483		A man is wearing a purple shirt and leather cap and is posing for the camera.	The man wearing a leather cap and a purple shirt is standing in front of some bystander.
484		A dog is emerging from a lake	An animal is emerging from a lake
485		A person is cleaning a pan of cooking oil	A person is pouring olive oil into a pan on the stove
486		Five martial arts practitioners are sitting around a campfire at night	Several women are gathered around the fire at night
487		A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood	Someone is drilling a hole in a wood strip with a drill
488		A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running	A small girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert.
489		A little child is outdoors climbing steps in a grassy area.	There&#39;s no little child in a pink sweater climbing a concrete ladder.
490		Some students in uniform are listening intently in front of the classroom	A group of students are listening in front of the class.
491		People are clustered around a campfire at night	Some people are gathered around the fire.
492		A girl is practicing the piano	A girl is playing the piano
493		A man and a woman are walking through the woods together	The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on someone else.
494		The man is not talking on the phone	The man is talking on the phone.
495		A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage.	A man is getting in a car
496		Two kids are playing in the waves	Two kids are playing
497		A surfer is catching a big wave	Someone is surfing
498		There is no karate practitioner kicking another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves	A karate practitioner is kicking another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.
499		The man dressed in leather and a purple shirt is standing in front of observers.	The man wearing a leather cap and a purple shirt is standing in front of some bystander.
500		A group of boys are playing field soccer at the beach	A group of men are playing with a ball at the beach
501		A young child is standing in front of some trees.	A wee boy is sitting in the woods
502		A boy is playing a guitar quickly	The boy is playing a guitar
503		The black bird is sitting on a leafless tree	A bird, which is black, is sitting on a dead tree.
504		Some people are dancing.	People are dancing a song
505		A woman is peeling a potato	A woman is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience
506		A man in a hat is walking through a store.	A man in a hat is passing a store
507		A gray dog is bouncing a field soccer ball over his head on a grass field	A gray dog is bouncing a soccer ball on his head on the lawn
508		A girl is combing her hair	The girl is brushing hair
509		A man is cutting a ticket.	A man is cutting a paper.
510		A girl in uniform is playing the flute with a marching band	A girl in a band is playing an instrument
511		A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo	There&#39;s no monkey teasing a dog at the zoo
512		A cyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp	The bicycle person is jumping from a pyramid
513		A small boy is showing his tongue at the camera and another boy is looking at him	Two young boys are looking at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
514		A girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie	One woman is in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and the others are looking
515		Several people are sitting around a campfire at night	Some people are gathered around the fire at night.
516		A man is skiing on a handrail in the snow.	A woman is skiing downhill and over a red obstacle
517		A guy is strumming the guitar	A guy is playing the guitar
518		A newly married couple is leaving the church	The bride and groom are leaving after the wedding
519		A girl is smiling at the camera and swimming under the water	A child is smiling at the camera and swimming under water
520		A young girl in blue is jumping in the air	A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
521		Carrots are being grated by a lady	A lady is grating carrots
522		A black and a white dog are running happily in the grass.	A black person wearing white is running happily with the dog in the grass
523		A colorful blanket is being held by a girl in gold and purple.	A golden and purple girl is holding a colorful blanket
524		A lady is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush	A person is rubbing a zucchini
525		A person with a red hooded top and a black backpack is walking next to a rocky wall.	A person in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking around an American state
526		Some cyclists are flying over the track near the water and the skyline.	Two bmx cyclists are jumping off ramps in front of the water
527		Motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants	Motocross rider is standing naked
528		The man is doing exercise	There&#39;s no man doing barbell raises
529		A young girl is combing a cat&#39;s fur	A cat&#39;s hair is being brushed by a person
530		A guy is playing the guitar	A guy is playing a guitar
531		A guy is chopping a log with an ax	A guy is chopping a log with an ax
532		Some bearded man is standing near a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign.	A man is holding a sign and is seeking money
533		The clown is speaking into the microphone	A clown is talking
534		An old lady is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants	The lady is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
535		A police officer is sitting on a motorcycle	The cop is not sitting on a police bike
536		A man is emptying a plastic container	A man is filling a plastic container
537		A soccer player is missing a goal	A soccer player is scoring a goal
538		A girl in uniform is playing the flute with a marching band	A girl in uniform is not playing the flute with the marching band
539		Someone is folding a piece of paper.	A person is folding a sheet
540		Four dogs are playing and running in a grassy area	Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
541		Two dogs are playing near a tree	Two dogs are playing near a plant
542		A dog is running downhill	A dog is running up the grassy hill
543		There&#39;s no woman chopping an onion	A horse is standing
544		Snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill	Snowboarder is jumping off a snowy hill.
545		A police officer is sitting on a motorcycle	A biker is sitting next to a policeman man
546		A man on a bike is riding on the coast	A person is riding a bicycle on the sand beside the ocean
547		Three men are staring at the large green hills in the distance.	Men are looking into the distance
548		A brown dog is running in the snow	A dog is running through the snow
549		There&#39;s no Asian young woman with pink gloves standing in the snow	A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow
550		A group of race dogs are wearing striped uniforms and are running down the track.	A group of dogs are competing and have muzzles on their noses.
551		A man is talking to a girl using an internet camera.	A man is talking to a girl over the internet
552		A small boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face.	A small boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face.
553		A brown dog is attacking the cat in front of the man in his pants	A brown dog is attacking a cat in front of the man in pants
554		A person is riding a mountain bike downhill	A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail
555		A man is skipping rope in a field	A woman is slicing a cucumber
556		A boy wearing red shorts is jumping in a kiddie pool	There&#39;s no boy wearing red shorts jumping into a kiddie pool
557		A man in a white hat is playing guitar on the stage.	Four people are doing an outdoor music performance
558		The young boy is singing and playing guitar	A guitar is being played by a child
559		A person is peeling a potato	A potato is being peeled by one person
560		A woman is sitting near a flowerbed and is supervising a tunnel.	Two people are standing on a bench
561		A mexican chef is preparing a meal	A mexican chef is cooking
562		A man is talking on the radio with another man	Two people are talking on the radio
563		A large brown dog and a tiny gray dog are standing on a rocky surface.	A large brown dog and a tiny gray dog are standing on a rocky surface.
564		A woman is looking curiously at a man.	A man and woman are in a beige-painted room wearing black shirts and a monitor is in the background.
565		The guy is talking on the phone	The guy is talking on the phone
566		Two women are standing firmly in front of a plywood wall	Two young women with arms crossed are looking at the screen
567		A clown is singing on the stage and people are dancing	A person dressed as a clown is singing
568		A group of students are walking through the grass.	People are walking
569		A group of men are playing field soccer at the beach	A group of boys are playing field soccer on the coast.
570		The black and white dog is running outdoors	A black and white dog is running outdoors.
571		A woman is peeling food	A man is playing a guitar passionately in front of an audience.
572		A woman is eating a piece of meat.	A man is carrying a rifle with bullets.
573		A lady is cooking an egg in a sautese	A lady is preparing an egg in a sautese
574		An old guy and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean	An older guy and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the water
575		The dog is being taken for a walk by the girl	The girl is walking the dog
576		An onion is being minced	Someone is holding a hedgehog
577		A caramel dog is running through the snow	A yellow dog is running in the white snow on a sunny day.
578		The potato is being peeled by a girl	A girl is peeling the potato
579		A woman is exercising	A man is dancing
580		A girl is using a sewing machine	A person is sewing with a machine.
581		The woman is not seasoning the oil	A woman is seasoning the oil
582		A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running	A girl is running in a pink shirt and is not wearing jeans
583		A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass	A dog, which is small and black, is chasing a small brown dog
584		A snake is being fed a mouse by a guy	A guy is feeding a rat to the snake
585		The lady is thumbing a frog	A frog is being handled by the lady
586		Two men are fighting their fists in a ring	The men are fighting in a ring
587		A woman is looking curiously at a man.	A man and woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background.
588		A man is holding a tiny animal in one hand	A man is showing a wee monkey
589		The young man is sitting on a policeman bike	A person is sitting on the police bike
590		You are measuring another woman&#39;s ankle	The woman is measuring a man
591		A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach	A black girl without a bikini is wearing a hat on the beach
592		A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field.	The purple, white and black player is playing near the end of the field.
593		Two little children are playing with a toy car on the street.	Two little children are unoccupied in the street
594		A girl is talking	A girl is in the middle of a conversation
595		A motorcyclist in a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving recklessly on the ground and people watch	A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving and people are watching
596		There&#39;s no cat walking on a wooden floor	A baby is crawling happily
597		Orange juice is being drunk by a guy who is walking on a sunny day	A guy is drinking orange juice and walking
598		People are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall	People are not walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
599		A dog is jumping into a box	A cat is jumping in a box
600		A guy in a big city is holding a sign and asking for money	A guy in a big city is holding a sign and asking for money
601		A person is cooking some food	A person is peeling a potato
602		Two dogs and two people are walking in the woods	Two dogs and two people are walking in a forest
603		A woman is petting a dog near a stone trail	A woman is petting a dog near a rocky path
604		A guy is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court	A person is wearing a blue skirt and walking barefoot on the tennis court
605		A man in motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle.	A person in motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle.
606		A young girl is using sign language	A girl is using sign language
607		A man is playing a brilliantly trumpet	The man is playing an instrument
608		The outdoor ice skating rink is full of people	There are a lot of people in the skating park
609		A family is posing by the fireplace and the Christmas tree	A sad family is posing by the fireplace
610		A soccer player is running	A soccer player is running
611		A cow is not eating hay	A cow is eating hay
612		A dog is gathering a flock of white sheep on a dusty farm	A sheepdog is scattering a flock of sheep
613		A guy is fitting a silencer into a pistol	A guy is putting a silencer on the gun
614		A guy is doing exercises	A guy is exercising
615		A white woman is standing on a woman in blue dress on the stage.	A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage.
616		A young woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach.	A golden and purple man is holding a colorful blanket
617		The man is entering the lake	The person is entering the water
618		A topless person with a backpack stands in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background.	The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background.
619		No one is standing in the ocean and watching the sunset	Two people are wading by the water
620		A dog, which has brown and white fur, is holding a baseball in its mouth.	A brown and white dog is holding a ball
621		A woman is boiling pasta in the water	No one is stirring noodles in the water
622		A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks	A bird is flying over some rocks
623		A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice	The person is standing on the white ice
624		A guy is reading the email	Someone is reading the email
625		A lady is slicing an eggplant	A vegetable is being sliced by a lady
626		A woman is falling from a horse	A woman is frying something
627		People are sitting around a campfire at night.	Several people are sitting around a campfire at night
628		Bikers are surrounding on a metallic bicycle of a boy.	The boy is riding a bicycle on top of a metal fence
629		A woman is grabbing a can	A person is taking an object
630		People are gathering on a bench at the fair	A group of people are gathering on a bench at the fair
631		A horse is jumping over the hurdle and has a rider on his back.	A horse and rider are jumping fast over a barrier
632		A brown dog is passing a snowy trail	The dog is going through the snow
633		A person is peeling a banana	A person is not peeling a banana
634		A person is not folding a piece of paper	A person is folding a piece of paper.
635		An old guy is sitting in a field	A guy is sitting in a field
636		A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next competition.	A child is sitting wearing a swimming gear
637		A girl in blue is going down a green slide	The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide
638		A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot.	The cyclist is riding a bicycle on a city street.
639		Two white dogs are running and jumping along the beach	A pair of white dogs are running and jumping along a beach.
640		A man is taking a picture of a drawing	A man is drawing a picture
641		An old woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants	An old person is sitting on a bench
642		A man is petting two cats	A man is petting two dogs
643		Runners are competing in a race in the city.	Runners are running in a competition.
644		A woman is not putting makeup on the man	The woman is applying makeup on the man
645		Paper and scissors both cut	The paper is being cut with scissors
646		A girl is dancing beautifully on the stage	A girl is dancing
647		There&#39;s no man cleaning the rim of a bowl	A boss is cleaning a soup bowl
648		A guy is carrying a tree.	A guy is carrying a plant
649		Some people are sitting on a low cement railing.	The group of people are sitting on the edge of a rock and a scenic view is behind them.
650		A man is singing and playing a guitar	There&#39;s no man singing and playing a guitar
651		The little dog is running in the sand	No small dogs are running in the sand
652		Garlic is being chopped by a woman	A woman is chopping garlic
653		The lady is breaking two eggs in a bowl made of glass	A lady is breaking an egg in a bowl
654		A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people.	A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded
655		A woman is using an eye pencil and applying eyeliner on her eyelid.	A woman is applying cosmetics on her eyelid.
656		The drums are being played by the guy	A guy is playing the drums
657		The girl is not carrying a sign and no group of people are following her	A young girl in a green shirt is walking on the sidewalk and holding a pink sign
658		The man is feeding the snake with a mouse	A man is working on the laptop
659		A dog is chasing a green ball in the grass	The dog is chasing a ball
660		Two ladies are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand	Two ladies are wearing bikinis
661		A person is carelessly putting meat in a red pan	A person is putting meat in the pan
662		There are no tennis players jumping left	A tennis player with a green belt is hitting the ball
663		A cow is eating grass	A cow is not eating grass
664		A shrimp is being cut by a woman	A woman is cutting prawns
665		The person is slicing onions	Onions are being sliced by one person
666		The guy is slicing a potato	Or face is tiring sweet potato
667		A dog is chasing a ball in the grass	A dog is missing a ball in the grass
668		There&#39;s no man playing a keyboard	A man is playing a harp
669		A guy is tying a shoe	A guy is tying his shoe
670		The man is playing a violin	A violin is being played by a guy
671		A dog is catching a ball	There&#39;s no dog catching a ball
672		A guy is shooting with a shotgun	A guy is firing a gun
673		A person is holding a skunk	A person is frying meat in a frying pan
674		Five people are floating in a dinghy	Some people are floating in a dinghy
675		A man is talking on the radio with another man	A man is talking
676		A baby is talking	A boy is saying something
677		A lady is catching and holding a kangaroo baby	A lady is catching and holding a kangaroo baby in her arms.
678		The guy is standing in the water at the base of the waterfall	A guy is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
679		A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue dyed coat	A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father
680		A man is playing guitar near a drummer.	There&#39;s no man playing guitar next to a drummer
681		A man is adding pieces of butter to a mixing bowl.	Chunks of butter are being added to the mixer
682		A group of people are dancing at a concert.	A group of people are marching
683		A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink	A person is climbing a colorful rock.
684		A monkey is riding a bike	An animal is riding a bicycle
685		A man in paint-covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something.	A man is sitting near a bicycle and writing a note.
686		A big man is sitting in a military accessories store	A veteran is showing different things from a war to some people.
687		A man is holding a sign and is seeking money	Some bearded man is standing near a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign.
688		A shirtless man is escorting a horse pulling a cart along a dirt road.	A shirtless man is leading a horse pulling a cart
689		An asian woman is playing the flute	The flute is being played by a woman
690		A girl is tapping her fingers on a table	Someone is tapping their fingers
691		A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandana is running fast	A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandana is running very fast
692		A caramel white dog is running through the tall green grass	A white and caramel dog is running across the field
693		A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence	A boy is jumping near a wooden fence
694		A man and a woman are driving down the street in a jeep.	Two people are in a vehicle driving
695		A man and a woman are walking through the woods together	A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area.
696		Two young men are playing outdoors near a golden statue	Two people are ignoring the nearby golden statue
697		A man is cutting a boot with a sword.	There&#39;s no man cutting a boot with a sword
698		A man is diving off a cliff	There&#39;s no man riding a motorcycle
699		The lady is slicing garlic quickly	The lady is chopping garlic
700		A guy is cutting pieces of butter in a mixing bowl	Chunks of butter are being added to the mixer
701		Eggs are being boiled by the lady	A lady is boiling eggs
702		A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.	Someone is putting ingredients in a wok
703		There are no men riding bikes on the beach	A man on a bike is pedaling on the beach
704		The cat is playing passionately with a watermelon	A cat is playing with a watermelon
705		A lady is firing a rifle	A lady is firing a gun
706		A dog is barking at a ball	A cat is swimming behind a tennis ball
707		People are not sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant.	People are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant.
708		A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping in a blue kids pool	A child is wearing red shorts and is jumping in a kiddie pool
709		There&#39;s no man putting a silencer on a pistol	A man is fixing a silencer for a gun
710		A guy is standing on top of a roof and playing a violin	A guy is standing on the roof top and is playing a violin
711		A little dog is lying in a bed	A wee cat is lying on a bed
712		A man on a motorcycle is riding on a wheel.	The artist is fooling a person on a motorcycle
713		One boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching	The boy is jumping from the platform and other boys are looking
714		A man is playing the keyboard in a park	Someone is playing the keyboard
715		A cyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp	A woman on a bike is jumping from a pyramid
716		A guy is spreading dough	The dough is being strained by a guy
717		A woman is standing near three children	A woman is playing with two young boys in a park
718		A cupcake is being eaten by a girl	A girl is eating a cupcake
719		Five adults are sitting on stone steps	Five adults are sitting on stone steps
720		Two women are dancing happily	A couple of female cops are singing in a karaoke
721		Two people are sitting on lawn chairs and are reading books.	Two people in two chairs are reading nicely
722		A cowgirl is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel	A woman is riding a horse and is turning around in a barrel
723		A silky gray dog is sleeping in the grass and a brown dog is looking	A gray dog is lying on the grass and another dog is looking
724		A guy in a suit is standing in front of a microphone and singing	The guy in the suit is standing facing a microphone and singing
725		A dog is running through the white snow	A dog is running through the snow
726		Two young women with arms crossed are looking at the screen	Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall
727		The black and white dog is running in a field	The black and white dog is running outdoors
728		There are no brown dogs staring intently at a brown and white dog	The little dog is grabbing the slipper with its mouth
729		A couple is standing on the sidewalk	A man and a woman are standing on the sidewalk.
730		The boy is abruptly knocked off a horse	The boy is being knocked off the horse
731		A lady is cutting potatoes	A lady is cutting the potatoes
732		There&#39;s no man chopping onion	A man is cutting an onion
733		There are no seabirds on some rocks	A seabird is flying over some rocks
734		Young boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the water	A young boy is jumping in a tranquil lake
735		A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on it	A golden-haired dog is coming out of the water
736		A cat is sliding upside down on a couch	A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture
737		A policeman is dismounting a motorcycle	The policeman is sitting on the police bike
738		A blonde girl is jumping in the car	A girl is jumping in a car
739		A man is sharpening a knife	A man is carrying a woman
740		A man is holding a tiny animal in one hand	A man is displaying a wee monkey
741		A woman is chopping a big shrimp	A woman is cutting a shrimp
742		Two dogs are playing happily in the mud	The dogs are playing in the mud
743		A man in Indian clothing and henna on his hand is going through red tape.	A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and lots of jewelry.
744		Two dogs are running and trying to catch a soccer ball	Two dogs are running and trying to catch a ball
745		A guy is pouring oil into a sautese	A guy is pouring oil into a frying pan
746		A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool.	People are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
747		A dog is standing beside a mountain	A dog is standing on a mountain
748		A group of students in uniform are ignoring the front of the class	A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction within a bamboo structure.
749		A lady is frying something in a frying pan	A lady is cooking something in a frying pan.
750		A little child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase.	There&#39;s no little child in a pink sweater climbing a concrete ladder.
751		The boy is trotting on the horse	The girl is trotting on the horse
752		The dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on it	A golden-haired dog is swimming by the water
753		A dog with long hair and a red outfit is running on the grass	A dog in a red outfit is not running in the field
754		Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach	Two women are naked and standing in the sand
755		A young girl is dancing	A young girl is standing still
756		A black guy is walking near a store in a big city	A black guy is walking next to a building in a big city
757		A father is launching his daughter into a kiddie pool	A father is playing his daughter in the pool
758		Two sumo wrestlers are fighting	There&#39;s no man driving a water toy in the water
759		There&#39;s no woman being kissed by a man	A woman is being kissed by a man
760		Two boys are lying in the ocean near the beach	Two kids are rolling in dirty water
761		A yellow shirt hockey player is protecting the goal	There is no yellow shirt hockey player guarding the goal
762		A man is spitting	A man is talking
763		No one is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a drill	A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
764		A red dog is jumping and catching a tennis ball in its mouth	A caramel dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
765		A guy is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag	A guy is in a boat in front of the sunset
766		There are no dogs of dogs wearing striped uniforms and running down the track	A group of dogs are competing and have muzzles on their noses.
767		A group of dogs are resting without their muzzles.	A group of race dogs are wearing striped uniforms and are running down the track.
768		A black dog is carrying a blue and white toy in its mouth.	A dog is running with a volleyball
769		There&#39;s no man sharpening a knife	A man is sharpening a knife
770		The woman is squeezing juice from a lemon	A woman is squeezing the juice of a lemon.
771		A flute is being played by a woman	A woman is playing a wind instrument
772		A man is cutting a thick rope with a sharp sword.	A man is cutting a cord with a sword.
773		A dog is away from the red ball in the air	A small dog is playing in the green grass
774		The sun is shining on the face of the girl in the yellow-dyed dress	The sun is shining on the girl&#39;s face
775		The girl is slicing an onion with a knife	An onion is being sliced with a knife by the girl
776		Two little boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting	Two little children are wearing tuxedos
777		A woman is seasoning the oil	There&#39;s no woman pouring ingredients into a bowl
778		The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella	The man is sitting outside under an umbrella
779		A player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field.	A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field.
780		A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean.	Two adults are sitting on chairs and are watching the ocean.
781		There&#39;s no young girl in winter coat jumping from a rock to the sand on the beach.	A young girl in winter coat is jumping from a rock to the sand on the beach.
782		Two boys are playing on a trampoline near the water	Some boys are playing on the trampoline
783		The policeman is sitting on a policeman bike	A police officer is sitting on a motorcycle
784		The man is sitting in a covered area	A barefoot woman is sitting on a blanket under a lilac umbrella
785		The cat is playing with a container made of plastic	The animal is playing with a plastic container
786		There&#39;s no man slicing tomatoes	A man is cutting tomatoes
787		A lady is cutting meat	A lady is cutting some meat
788		A lady is playing a guitar	A guitar is being played by a lady
789		A lady is slicing a carrot	Carrot is being sliced by a lady
790		The owner is feeding his animal	Someone is feeding an animal
791		Two dogs are playing on the beach	Two dogs are resting on the beach
792		A brown and black dog is running through the leaves	A brown and black dog is resting on the leaves.
793		A baby tiger is playing with a ball	There&#39;s no tiger cub playing with a ball
794		A yellow shirt hockey player is protecting the goal	The goal is being saved by a hockey player
795		A guy is participating in a bmx race	A guy is participating in a bmx race
796		A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink.	A man is climbing a cliff with a rope.
797		A woman is cracking eggs	A man is talking with the boy
798		A black dog is running in the snow	A dog is running through the snow
799		The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats	A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats.
800		The man in the jacket is dancing on the track	A man is dancing
801		A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree.	A river is being crossed by a dog on a tree-made bridge.
802		The woman is sitting near a flowerbed and is supervising a tunnel	Two people are sitting on a bench.
803		A girl is carefully applying makeup	A girl is putting on some makeup carefully
804		A big white dog is jumping up in the snow	A white dog is jumping in a snowy area
805		A girl wearing a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes.	The sun is shining on the face of the girl in the yellow-dyed dress
806		A woman is cutting a lemon.	A woman is firing a rifle
807		A child is walking down the street and a jeep is approaching	A child is walking up the street and a jeep is not approaching
808		A small girl is looking at a fantasy lady	A young girl is looking at a fantasy lady
809		A guy is standing on a sidewalk	The guy is standing on the sidewalk
810		A dog is running with a volleyball	A dog is running with a ball
811		Five martial arts practitioners are sitting around a campfire at night	Several people are gathered around the fire at night
812		A small girl is surprisingly experiencing a new world.	A child is experiencing a new world.
813		A woman is cracking eggs in a bowl	The skewers are being placed on a shelf by a woman
814		Two young women with arms crossed are looking away from the screen	Two young women with arms crossed are looking at the screen
815		Three boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball	Some boys are kneeling in front of a ball
816		A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle	The artist is fooling a person on a motorcycle
817		The clown is speaking into the microphone	A person is talking
818		The group of people are sitting on the floor outside a monument	A group of people are sitting on either side of a red stone structure.
819		The lady is breaking an egg in a bowl	The lady is taking an egg from a bowl
820		A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike	A cyclist is naked
821		A boy is climbing effortlessly up an artificially constructed wall for climbing and is attached to a climbing rope.	A boy is climbing up a climbing wall and is attached to a rope
822		A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children.	A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children next to a house made of stone.
823		A young girl in a green shirt is walking on the sidewalk and holding a sign	A girl in a shirt is walking on the sidewalk and holding a sign
824		Three women are dancing	Someone is dancing
825		A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is walking in a park	A shirtless person is posing with a girl who is walking in a park
826		The men in brown shorts are walking on the rocks beside a river	Men in brown shorts are not walking on the rocks by a river
827		A girl is peeling a potato	A potato is being peeled by one person
828		A big duck is flying above a rocky stream	There are no seabirds on some rocks
829		A chef is preparing some food	Food is being prepared by a chef
830		A large crowd of cold clothes is moving away from a camera	Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large group of people outside a building.
831		A guy is crouching in the bush and is taking a picture	A man is crouching in the bush and taking a photograph
832		A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a cart along a paved road	A shirtless man is leading a horse pulling a cart
833		A small child is riding a plastic motorcycle	A young child is playing with a motorbike
834		A tiny tree is being eaten by a baby elephant.	A baby elephant is eating a tree
835		A man is speaking at a podium	A podium is where a man is
836		The young child is splashing water	The little child is wading through the water and being guided by someone else
837		Little boys are playing in a water fountain in front of many people	Children are playing in a fountain in front of several people.
838		A man is dancing on the ceiling.	A great singer is dancing on the ceiling
839		A man is playing the drums	A man is practicing drums
840		A woman is slicing garlic	A woman is not slicing garlic
841		Two dogs are playing on a sandy beach	Two dogs are playing on the beach
842		People are carrying several baskets.	Some individuals are walking with many objects.
843		The dog is running through the gravel	The little dog is running in the sand
844		There&#39;s no man riding a motorcycle	A man is riding a motorcycle
845		Some little rolls are being eaten by two young children who are in a stroller, which is very tiny	Two little kids are eating curled up in a cart that is very tiny
846		The dark-skinned man is on one hand in front of a yellow building	A black man is deftly dancing break on the floor
847		A lady is shooting a practice target	A lady is shooting a practice target
848		The man is drawing a gun	A boy is playing on a toy phone
849		A big dog and a little white dog are playing together	Two dogs are resting together in the grass
850		A little child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase.	A little child is outdoors climbing steps in a grassy area.
851		A lady is tapping her fingers on a table	A lady is tapping her fingers
852		A naked man is lying in the field	The purple, white and black player is playing near the end of the field.
853		The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a car.	The man in blue is posing for a picture near a vehicle
854		Brown dogs are playfully fighting on the beach sand	Brown dog and red dog are playing on the beach
855		A black dog is approaching a golden dog on a gravel beach	A black animal is approaching a golden dog on the pebble beach
856		Someone is peeling a potato	Someone is peeling a potato
857		A man is following a lady through the woods	A man and a lady are walking through the woods
858		A guy is putting vegetables in a pan	Someone is adding ingredients in a pan
859		A woman is slicing tofu	A woman is chopping onions
860		A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp	A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp
861		The guy in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos	A guy in a purple dyed hat is using a camera that makes videos
862		A man is playing a guitar	A boy is playing a guitar
863		The man is not exercising	A man is doing barbell raises
864		A small child is splashing water inside a blue kiddie pool	The child is splashing water in the blue pool
865		Two girls and one lady are dancing	Three individuals are moving
866		Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cellphone	A group of people are walking on the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone.
867		Two dogs are running through the park	Two animals are running through the park
868		A girl in a T-shirt is keeping her mouth open.	A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open.
869		A guy is dancing on the road.	A guy is dancing
870		A big duck is flying above a rocky stream	A seabird is flying over some rocks
871		A fish is biting a person&#39;s finger	The animal is biting someone&#39;s finger
872		The guy surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and (wearing) glasses	A guy in a suit is being surrounded by photographers
873		A banana is being peeled by one person	A man is reading an email
874		A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on it	There are no dogs swimming in a lake with sunlight reflecting on it
875		A girl is ruffling her hair	A girl is sanding her nails
876		A girl is wearing a pink shirt that has white writing and is lying on the grass	The young girl in a pink dyed shirt is quietly lying on the grass
877		A cat is looking around	An animal is looking around
878		A woman is driving a car and is talking animatedly to the guy sitting next to her	The woman and the guy are traveling by car
879		The big-eyed cat is ravenously eating	The cat with big eyes is eating
880		A young player is playing with a child wearing a white jacket.	The child is playing with toys outdoors
881		A woman is riding an elephant	A man is opening a soda and drinking
882		The brown dog is running in the snow	A dog is running through the snow
883		Man in white suit is playing guitar on stage	A man in white is playing on the stage.
884		Some plane flies fast through the air	The plane is flying through the air.
885		The cyclist is riding a bicycle on a city street.	A woman is parking a blue bike and is wearing many riding helmets.
886		A woman in a black dress is dragging a stroller and stands in front of two men who are sitting on a park bench.	A woman in a black dress is pushing a cart and is standing near two men sitting on a square bench.
887		A child in green and white sports uniform is running on the grass	A child in uniform is running on the grass
888		A cute puppy is repeatedly rolling back and forth with its back on the floor.	An animal is rolling back and forth repeatedly
889		A young man is talking with a leaf	A dog is jumping into a box
890		A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing beside a stage.	A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage.
891		A group of people are standing together and looking at camera.	A group of people are standing together and looking at the camera.
892		A man in a white hat is leaving the stage	A man in a white hat is playing guitar on the stage.
893		Two brown and white dogs are fighting in a grassy area in front of a tree	Two brown and white dogs are fighting
894		A white man is walking near a building in a large city.	A black man is walking next to a building in a large city.
895		Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees.	People are sitting aimlessly on a bench in front of a restaurant.
896		A seemingly malnourished dog is standing on its hind legs and getting ready to jump.	A healthy looking dog is lying on the floor.
897		Some girls are sitting on the floor outside a monument	The group of people are sitting on the floor outside a monument
898		A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field.	The black player is making a move for the white player near the end of a purple field.
899		Two people are looking at a golden statue	Two people are ignoring the nearby golden statue
900		Smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his gloved hands outside the building in the snow	A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his gloved hands outside a building in the snow
901		A black man is dancing break on the sidewalk	A black man is walking on the pavement
902		There are no white dogs wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and playing with a brown dog in the grass	The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
903		A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face	A blonde child is holding a yellow bottle
904		The man is setting up a camera and takes photographs of a sunset on a beach.	The man is with a camera taking pictures of the sunset on the beach
905		A lemon is being squeezed by a girl	A girl is squeezing a lemon
906		A dog is circling the grass and chasing a flying tennis ball	A dog is turning in the grass and chasing a flying ball
907		A duck is fiercely flapping its wings in the water	A bird is flapping its wings in the water
908		A horse and rider are not jumping over an obstacle	A horse is jumping over the hurdle and has a rider on his back.
909		The man is playing the drums	A man is pouring cleaning product into the sink
910		A couple is sitting on a patio and is facing the ocean.	Two people are looking at the sea
911		A young girl is standing on one leg	A young girl is standing on both legs
912		The woman is sticking a potato	A woman is putting a child in a trash can
913		Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake	Animals are fighting over a frisbee in a lake
914		A group of children in the basement of a church are playing maracas and tambourines	A group of children are playing tambourines
915		A guy is slicing a fish	A guy is cutting a fish
916		Several ferrets are climbing into the cage.	Several ferrets are climbing the cage
917		The girl is cutting an onion	This girl is not cutting meat
918		A woman is putting food in a pan with hot water	A woman is putting food in a pan of cold water
919		A young girl is running down a road made of gravel covered with dead leaves.	A child is running outdoors on the fallen leaves.
920		A guy is making a phone call	A guy is making a phone call
921		A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and is playing in a mud puddle	A young child is wearing green boots
922		A lady is using a sewing machine.	A lady is using a sewing machine
923		A guy is pouring a grated cheese dish into a sauce pan	A guy is pouring a plate of grated cheese into a sauce pan
924		The surfer is leaning against a surfboard	The man is wearing a diving suit and is riding a surfboard
925		A man is singing in the square	A man is singing
926		A baby tiger is playing with a ball	A baby is not playing with a doll
927		The child is playing with toys outdoors	A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game.
928		A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game	The child is playing with toys outdoors
929		A man is doing a card trick	A man is playing with water
930		Four people are wading through the water	A group of people are wading through the water.
931		A boy next to some rag buckets is holding something	A boy near some rag buckets is holding an object
932		There&#39;s no man cutting a boot with a sword	A man is cutting the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword.
933		The child is playing with toys outdoors	The child is playing with toys in a covered area.
934		A girl is frying some food	A person is frying food
935		The men are not playing soccer	The men are playing soccer
936		A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore.	A brown dog is running after a dark dog on a rocky shore.
937		The blonde girl is dancing in front of the stereo	There is no girl in white dancing
938		A cat is taking a nap in the park	The cat is resting in the park
939		There&#39;s no small boy running on earth and playing with a girl	A small boy is running on the floor and playing with the small girl
940		The man is standing in a lake near a waterfall	The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall
941		Two young men are playing outdoors near a golden statue	Two people are looking at a statue made of gold.
942		A woman is putting two eggs into a pan of water	A woman is putting two eggs in a pan of water
943		The baby is laughing and crawling	A violin is being played by a man
944		The guy is doing exercises at the gym	The guy is doing exercise
945		Two girls are laughing and other girls are looking at them	The group of asian girls are standing together
946		A woman cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a man cheerleader	Some cheerleaders are dancing
947		A person is cementing a jacket on a high blue wall and jumping	A person in a blue jacket is jumping off a tall concrete wall
948		A group of explorers are walking through the grass.	A group of boy scouts are walking through the grass
949		A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl.	A woman is seasoning the oil
950		A lady is absently peeling a potato	A lady is peeling a potato
951		Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball	Some people playing soccer are kicking a soccer ball
952		A cat is walking on a wooden floor	There&#39;s no cat walking on a wooden floor
953		A light-colored child stands with his arms outstretched.	A child in light colored clothes is standing with his arms open
954		Three girls are dancing	Three women are dancing
955		The biker is riding a motorcycle on a sandy track	The woman is driving a motorcycle on a sand trail
956		A boy, who is wearing a blue jacket, is being held by his father under an umbrella.	A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue jacket
957		A group of people are standing around a soundboard.	A set of people are standing around a stereo
958		The lady is slicing an onion with a knife	An onion is being sliced with a knife by you
959		A man is roasting a snake	The man is pouring sliced cucumbers into the water
960		A blond boy in green is sitting on a swing	A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
961		A young couple is sleeping together in bed.	The young couple is lying in bed
962		Two kids are stretching on top of some metal bars	Two kids are looking over a rusty railing
963		The guy is drawing	A guy is drawing
964		A man is playing a guitar passionately in front of an audience.	A woman is peeling a potato
965		A Middle Eastern man is leaning against a lamppost near other people.	A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people.
966		A man is riding a horse	A horse is being ridden by a woman
967		There&#39;s no girl riding a horse	A girl is riding a horse
968		a man is cutting a potato	There&#39;s no man slicing a potato into pieces
969		Someone is strumming the guitar	Someone is playing the guitar
970		A band is playing some instruments	There&#39;s no man playing an electronic keyboard
971		A man, two women and a girl are walking on the beach	Four people are walking on the beach
972		A guy is playing the keyboard with his nose	The keyboard is being played with a nose by a guy
973		A woman is frying fish	There are no women cooking fish
974		The red-haired dog is running in the field	A dog with long hair and red clothes is sitting on the grass
975		A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and is playing with a brown dog in the grass.	A white animal is wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and is playing with another dog in the grass.
976		A man is adding tomatoes and carrots in a metal pan	Vegetables are being placed inside a container.
977		Three boys are jumping off a platform	One boy is jumping on a platform and two other boys are sitting absently.
978		The small child is playing soccer and falling on the grass	There are no small children playing soccer and falling on the grass
979		Someone is stirring pepper in a kettle	Someone is stirring a pan of peppers with a spoon
980		A clown is singing on the stage and people are dancing	A person wearing clown clothes is singing
981		A young girl in blue leotard is jumping in the air	A girl in blue is jumping in the air
982		A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his gloved hands outside a building in the snow.	A young child dressed for the cold weather is standing outside
983		Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a tennis ball	Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball
984		The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is cycling in a parking lot	A woman is wearing a helmet and is riding a bicycle
985		The man is not playing the drums	The man is playing the drums
986		A man is putting spice in a pizza	A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
987		A man is massaging a lady	A lady is being massaged by a man
988		A cupcake is being eaten by a girl	A woman is eating a cupcake
989		Many people are walking on the road beside a waterfall, which is beautiful	People are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
990		A veteran is showing different things from a war to some people.	Some things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran.
991		Or face is tiring sweet potato	The person is slicing the potato
992		A bunny rabbit is playing with a toy made of blue rope	A bunny rabbit is playing with a toy
993		There&#39;s no man working on the laptop	A man is working on the laptop
994		A player is being pushed by an angry opponent	An opponent is attacking a player
995		There&#39;s no man playing the guitar	A man is playing the drums
996		There&#39;s no man holding a mask in his raised hand	A man is holding a mask in his raised hand.
997		Cowboy hat guy is walking around the market and putting a hand in his pocket	The guy in the cowboy hat is walking around a market and putting a hand in his pocket
998		A man is participating in a bmx race	A man in a red uniform is running and jumping on a bicycle on the ground.
999		There&#39;s no man crouching in the bush and taking a picture	A man is crouching and holding a camera
1000		The brown dog is smelling the tail of a little black dog	There are no big brown dogs and little gray dogs standing on a rocky surface
1001		A white dog with beige spots is shooting across a field.	A spotted dog is running across a field
1002		A black dog is running in the grass	A black dog is lying in the grass
1003		A bee is taking off from a yellow flower.	A bee is clinging to a yellow flower.
1004		A woman is slicing a cucumber	A woman is skipping rope outside
1005		A cat is playing with a wee ball	An animal is playing with a little ball
1006		A woman is not cutting broccoli	A man is cutting tomatoes
1007		An octopus is looking around	An animal is looking around
1008		Two dogs are playing on a rocky beach	Two dogs are playing on the beach made of stones
1009		The sheepdog is herding a flock of sheep	A dog is gathering a flock of white sheep on a dusty farm
1010		A woman is frying food	A woman is putting food in a pan with hot water
1011		A lemur is holding on a rope.	A man is buttering a loaf of bread
1012		A young boy is jumping in the water	A young child is jumping in the water
1013		An arab man is wearing a white hat	A white hat is being worn by an arab man
1014		A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink board	A woman in a pink shirt is surfing through yellow surfboards
1015		There is no monkey practicing martial arts	A monkey is kicking a person
1016		A girl is sewing with a machine	Someone is using a sewing machine
1017		A guy is playing the guitar	The guitar is being played by a guy
1018		A lot of surfers are on the coast	A lot of people are on the coast
1019		A girl is slicing a carrot	Carrot is being sliced by a girl
1020		A woman is sewing with a machine	A woman is using a sewing machine
1021		Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field near the road	Five people are standing in the grass with some dogs
1022		A woman is crouching next to a dog and is smiling at a young girl sitting on the sidewalk	A woman is crouching beside a dog and is smiling at a girl sitting on the small sidewalk
1023		A blond boy in green is standing on a swing	A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
1024		Two sumo fighters are fighting	Two sumo wrestlers are fighting
1025		The guy is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on someone else	A guy is breaking a concrete slab with a sledgehammer
1026		A dog, which is black, is running in the grass	A black dog is running in the grass
1027		Some kids aren&#39;t playing in the playground	The boy and the girl are playing at outdoor gym
1028		The man is lifting dumbbells	The man is lifting weights
1029		Four people are walking along the city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is phoning someone	Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cellphone
1030		A guy in a dyed purple shirt is looking at the guy in the black shirt who is making a funny face	A guy in a pose is being playfully assisted by another guy
1031		A young mother is playing with her boy in the park	A young boy is playing in the park with his mother
1032		A lady is cooking eggs	The lady is cooking something
1033		A black horse is standing still	The horse is stopped
1034		A woman is leaning against a balcony railing	A man with white mustache is standing on a porch and is looking down the road.
1035		An onion is being sliced by a guy	A guy is slicing an onion
1036		A baby is walking on the club floor	A baby is walking on a wooden floor
1037		A man is holding a tiny animal in one hand	A man is holding a large animal with one hand.
1038		Two women are naked and standing in the sand	Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand
1039		A girl is slicing a cucumber	A person is slicing a cucumber
1040		A man is playing a brilliantly trumpet	The man is playing brightly
1041		A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on it	There are no dogs swimming in a lake with sunlight reflecting on it
1042		Three guys are jumping off a high wall	Three guys are jumping off a wall
1043		Two men are driving down a road in a convertible vehicle	A man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep.
1044		A brown and white dog is crossing the tall grass	A brown and white dog is moving across the wild grass
1045		A dog is jumping to catch a frisbee in the snow	A black dog in the snow is jumping on the ground and losing a stick
1046		A bike is being pedaled by a girl	A person is riding a bicycle
1047		An onion is being cut by a guy	The onion is being cut by the guy
1048		A girl is beating two eggs in the bowl and is using a whisk made of metal	Someone is beating two eggs in a bowl and is using a whisk made of metal
1049		The man is aiming a gun	A girl is playing on a toy phone
1050		The woman wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow	A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow
1051		A person is throwing a kitten at the ceiling.	A cat is thrown on the ceiling by one person
1052		A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood	A man is drilling a hole with a piece of wood
1053		The group of people are sitting on the floor outside a monument	A group of people are standing on either side of a red stone structure.
1054		There&#39;s no woman slicing tofu	A woman is slicing tofu
1055		People are riding on two camels on the beach	Two men are sitting on a camel and another camel is in the foreground
1056		The little child is wading through the water and being guided by someone else	There are no young children splashing water
1057		The cat perched on the table is curiously looking at the bottle.	The cat perched on the table is looking at the bottle
1058		Two women with dogs are walking on a path in a woods	Two dogs and two people are walking in a forest
1059		A boss is cleaning a soup bowl	A man is cleaning the rim of the bowl
1060		A man is riding a bicycle	There&#39;s no man riding an electric bike
1061		A wee dog is lying in bed	A wee dog is lying under the bed
1062		A cold cyclist is celebrating	A cyclist is being held over the heads of a group of people with the bicycle.
1063		A walker is in a men&#39;s hat shop	A man in a hat is walking through a store.
1064		Two teen girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event	Two ladies are wearing worn dresses at home
1065		A group of children are playing in a colorful structure.	A group of children are staring at a colorful structure.
1066		A person is slicing some onions	A person is not slicing some onions
1067		A girl is cutting potatoes	A woman is cutting the potatoes
1068		A big dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth	There&#39;s no big dog running over the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
1069		A man and a child are kayaking through the calm waters	A yellow kayak is being sailed by a man and a young boy
1070		A guy is riding a motorcycle	This face is riding a motorcycle
1071		The dog is jumping to catch a frisbee in the snow	A dog nearby in the snow is jumping off the ground and picking up a stick
1072		A person is riding a motorcycle	A woman is slicing potatoes
1073		A caramel dog is resting near a brush	A caramel dog is running through the bush
1074		The guy is riding a horse near a creek	The guy is riding a horse near a current
1075		There are no boys standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for people with disabilities.	A boy in a red shirt stands in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera.
1076		A man is putting tomatoes, onions and potatoes in a pan	Vegetables are being put in a pan by a man
1077		Potatoes are being sliced by a guy	Or face is tiring sweet potato
1078		Some kids are playing in the playground	Boy and girl are not playing in the playground
1079		Snowboarder is spinning in the air over a snowdrift	Someone is jumping in the air on a board
1080		The black and white dog is running outdoors	A climber is holding a rock and another man is stringing a wall
1081		A guy is playing with a sock ball	There&#39;s a guy playing with a sock ball
1082		A couple is sitting on a patio and is facing the ocean.	Two adults are sitting on chairs and are watching the ocean.
1083		The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl	The woman is stirring food in a bowl
1084		The man is seasoning sausages	A man is seasoning meat
1085		A woman is falling from a horse	A woman is riding a horse
1086		A baby tiger is walking around a cage with its mother	A small tiger is following an adult animal
1087		There is no man dressed in black wearing an elaborate black mask	A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
1088		Three little dogs are smelling something	Dogs are smelling something
1089		A man and a woman are eating tofu with a spoon	A man and a woman are eating.
1090		A woman is playing an electric guitar	The woman is playing an instrument
1091		The white bird is landing quickly in the water	A bird is landing in the water
1092		A lady is peeling a potato	A lady is peeling a potato
1093		A man is standing on a boat in front of the sunset next to a flag	A man is in a boat in front of the sunset
1094		A couple is taking a nap in the park	Two people are resting in the park
1095		Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees.	People are sitting in a beachfront restaurant
1096		A man is removing the skin of an onion	A man is walking along a path in nature.
1097		The lady with a knife is slicing a pepper	The pepper is being sliced by a lady with a knife
1098		A man in a white T-shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black T-shirt and sunglasses are sitting at the table with four beer bottles.	A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four beer bottles.
1099		A small girl is wearing a blue print swimwear, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head.	A young girl is sitting in a swimming outfit
1100		A man is burying a basketball in the basket and a crowd is in the background watching	The player is burying the ball and a crowd is in the background.
1101		The guy is cracking eggs in a bowl	The person is breaking eggs in a bowl
1102		Sign language is being used by a young woman	A young woman is using sign language
1103		The ladies are dancing outside the house	A group of people are dancing.
1104		There&#39;s no woman peeling a potato	The man is slicing potatoes
1105		A woman is slicing potatoes	A woman is slicing carrots
1106		Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over obstacles.	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping obstacles.
1107		Two men, one woman, and two young boys are sitting in front of a large group of people outside a building.	A large crowd of warm clothes is posing for a camera.
1108		A young man on a bmx bike is jumping from a pyramid	A cyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
1109		A brown cat and a black cat are kidding in the sand	A black cat is playing with another cat in the sand
1110		Two men are hugging	Two men are fighting
1111		An old man is talking to a leaf	A young man is talking with a leaf
1112		The boys are examining a calendar	A boy is looking at a calendar
1113		Two white puppies are playing near the water.	Two white dogs are running together
1114		A boy is climbing effortlessly up an artificially built wall for climbing and is attached to a rope	A boy is climbing a climbing wall and is attached to the rope
1115		A lady is pulling a sticky goo out of a bowl	Some sticky slime is being taken from a bowl by a lady
1116		Two men are sailing in an orange dinghy on the beach	Two men are driving an orange dinghy along the coast
1117		A monkey is practicing martial arts	A person is kicking a monkey
1118		Some small child is splashing water inside the blue kiddie pool	The child is splashing water in a pool
1119		The boy is climbing a rope-climbing wall	A boy is climbing up a climbing wall and is attached to a rope
1120		An animal is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on it	The animal is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining
1121		A guy is following a woman through the woods	A guy and a woman are walking through the woods
1122		A guy is riding a horse in the desert	A guy is riding a horse on a sandy ground.
1123		Two teen girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event	Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event
1124		A skateboarder is falling off a track	A skateboarder is doing tricks on a track.
1125		Men are fighting their fists in a ring	Men are fighting in a ring
1126		The purple, white and black player is not playing near the end of the field.	A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field.
1127		A chimpanzee is practicing martial arts	A monkey is kicking a person
1128		Dogs are competing in a track	The dogs are running on a path
1129		A cat is playing with a tiny bottle	A cat is playing with a small bottle
1130		Tennis player is hitting the ball	A tennis player is hitting the ball
1131		One guy is climbing a rocky wall and another guy is holding a rope	One guy is climbing a wall made of stone and another guy is holding the rope
1132		A man is looking at the horizon and people are walking through buildings behind him.	A woman is looking into the distance and people are walking between the buildings behind
1133		A guy is slowly folding a tortilla	A guy is folding a tortilla
1134		A young guy is taking a motocross motorcycle up a dirt hill	A young guy is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill
1135		The lady and the man are traveling by car	The lady and the man are motoring
1136		The cat is licking a bottle	A cat is playing with a small bottle
1137		A group of children in the basement of a church are playing maracas and tambourines	A group of children in a basement of a building are playing instruments
1138		A girl is slicing an eggplant	The person is cutting a vegetable
1139		The girl is looking at the view of a big city	A girl is looking at the view of a city
1140		There are no young children splashing water	The little child is wading through the water and being guided by someone else
1141		The woman wearing silver pants with the pink bell-mouth and a pink scarf is riding a bicycle	A pedestrian is building pink bicycles for bicycle riders
1142		A dog is teasing a monkey at the zoo	A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo
1143		The little dog is grabbing the slipper with its mouth	A brown dog is staring intently at a brown and white dog
1144		A woman is slicing tofu	A woman is slicing butter
1145		A lady is frying food	A lady is frying some food
1146		A lady is riding a horse	A lady is riding an animal
1147		The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people are following her	A girl in a blue shirt, who looks young, is walking on the sidewalk and holding a pink sign
1148		There is no person peeling a potato	A person is frying some food
1149		A guy is getting out of the water	A person is getting out of the water
1150		A little guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the ground.	A guinea pig is devouring a carrot
1151		Four people are standing on a low cement railing	Four people are sitting on a low cement railing
1152		Three people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking next to a building.	Some people are carrying baskets and blankets.
1153		A red and brown dog is sticking its muzzle in the gift bag.	The red and brown dog is not standing
1154		A guy is skipping rope in a field	A guy is jumping rope outside
1155		A young guy on a bmx bike is jumping from a masonry pyramid	A young guy on a bmx bike is jumping from a pyramid
1156		A young man is eating corn on the cob	A young man is eating some corn
1157		A large crane is flying high above the water.	A large white crane is flying near the water.
1158		A black bird is sitting on a dead tree.	The black bird is not sitting on a leafless tree
1159		A white dog is standing on a grassy hill	A dog is standing beside a mountain
1160		A man is putting meat in a pan	Someone is pouring ingredients into a container.
1161		A person is slicing a potato	An ingredient is being sliced by a person.
1162		Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd	Two men are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
1163		A girl is jumping in the car	The girl is not jumping in the car recklessly
1164		A dog is having fun with a toy	A dog is playing with a toy
1165		A golden dog is running across a field of tall grass	A brown dog is running through the grass that is tall and green
1166		A dog is chasing a ball	The dog is not catching a blue ball
1167		The fish are swimming fast	Some fish are swimming.
1168		An image is being drawn by a guy	The person is drawing
1169		A man is riding a horse	A woman is riding a horse
1170		There&#39;s no small boy running on earth and playing with a girl	The kids are chasing each other in the sand
1171		Kids are playing in a fountain that is splashing water from the ground	Kids are playing in ground fountains
1172		No one is sitting on the chairs and watching the ocean	Two adults are sitting on chairs and are watching the ocean.
1173		The girl in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the team shirt	A woman in blue holds a yellow ball in her hand.
1174		A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef.	A man is cleaning the rim of a bowl
1175		A man on a bike is riding on a lonely wheel	The panda is not eating bamboo
1176		A man is rowing a canoe	A man is rowing a boat
1177		The man is eating apple	The person is eating apple
1178		Someone is playing piano fast	The piano is being played by someone
1179		A little child is lying outdoors in a grassy area.	A little child is outdoors climbing steps in a grassy area.
1180		The policeman is sitting on the police bike	The animal is grazing in the grass
1181		One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff above the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping from there into the water.	Two men are standing on the edge of a cliff and one is jumping in the sea.
1182		A young boy is jumping in the water	A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping off a rock
1183		A black animal is jumping from a dock to the water	A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
1184		An individual is boiling okra in a pan	Someone is boiling food in a pan
1185		A boy in a blue shirt is looking at his hand near a stack of blocks on a table.	The boy in the blue shirt is looking at his hand near the stack of blocks on the table
1186		A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running	There&#39;s no girl wearing jeans and a pink shirt running
1187		A young man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood	Someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood with a drill
1188		A girl is combing the cat&#39;s fur	A person is brushing a cat
1189		Two kids are looking over a rusty railing	Two kids are crouching under some metal bars
1190		Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal	A soccer player is scoring a goal
1191		A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle	A woman in jeans is standing near a horse with a cell
1192		A person is riding an electric bike	A man is riding a bicycle
1193		A man is removing vegetables from a pan	A man is putting vegetables in a pan
1194		A boy is preparing a plate	A boy is preparing some dish
1195		A man is carrying a tree.	A man is felling a tree
1196		A chef is preparing a meal	There is no chef preparing a meal
1197		The woman is playing with two young boys in a park	A woman is standing near three children
1198		Two little-looking boys in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpet floor	Two little boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor.
1199		A lady is playing the violin	The violin is being played by a lady
1200		An old man and woman are riding a bicycle on the boardwalk near the ocean	A middle-aged man and woman are riding bicycles along a road beside the water.
1201		A group of people are dancing at a concert.	A group of people are standing
1202		Several ladies are sitting around a campfire at night	Several people are gathered around the fire at night
1203		A man is rock climbing and the city and the bay are in the background.	One person is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background.
1204		A boy is opening a tiny package containing headphones	A boy is opening a package containing headphones
1205		A guy is holding a little animal in one hand	A guy is holding a tiny animal in one hand
1206		An arab man is not wearing a white hat	A man in a white hat and a brown shirt stands behind a woman in red and is looking to the left.
1207		A brown and black dog is running through the leaves	A colored coat dog is running fast through the yard
1208		A red sled is being held by a small girl in a green jacket and a boy who are walking in the snow.	A small girl in a green jacket and a boy holding a red sled are walking in the snow.
1209		The red fantasy woman is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument	An instrument is being played by a woman in a red dress
1210		A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat	The man in the hat is smoking cigarette
1211		A couple is sitting on a patio and is facing the ocean.	A couple is looking at the ocean.
1212		A black bird is sitting on a dead tree.	The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree
1213		A guy is slowly dancing on the road.	A guy is dancing
1214		The man is slicing the potato	There&#39;s no man slicing potatoes
1215		A guy is washing a big steak	A guy is washing a big piece of meat
1216		A golden retriever is running	A golden retriever is not running
1217		A guy is emptying a plastic container	A guy is emptying a container made of plastic
1218		The woman is not walking the dog	The woman is walking the dog
1219		A man, two women and two girls are walking on the beach.	Five people are walking on the beach
1220		Two boys are on the couch playing games on the television	The boys on the couch are playing
1221		Two people in two chairs are reading	Some people are sitting on lawn chairs and are reading books.
1222		A lady is wearing a long black coat and a brown hat and is walking through a park with a lot of blooming trees.	A lady who is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking through a park with many blooming trees.
1223		A lady is cooking empanada pork chop	A lady is cooking a pork chop that is breaded
1224		A man is diving off a cliff	There&#39;s no man diving off a cliff
1225		A guy is holding a guitar	Someone is playing the guitar
1226		A cyclist is riding a bike in a snowy forest in the dark.	A cyclist is pedaling in a snowy forest at night.
1227		A woman in a blue-and-white uniform with a white-and-blue hat is holding her mouth open and standing close to other people dressed in the same way.	There is no woman wearing a blue t-shirt with a white vest and white cap talking and marching
1228		Three kids are running down the grassy slope	Three kids are running down a grassy slope
1229		The little cat is running and the person who owns it is trying to catch him	A cat is running and its owner is trying to catch it
1230		A man is riding a horse	A man is riding a horse
1231		A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen	A man is filling a plastic container
1232		A person is cutting meat into pieces	The person is not slicing a garlic clove into pieces
1233		A white dog is jumping from a dock into the water	The dog is jumping from a dock into the water
1234		A boy and a girl are playing outside the gym	Some kids are playing in the playground
1235		Kids in swimsuits are not playing in the water	Kids are wearing swimwear and water is splashing around
1236		A man is being curiously observed by a girl	Someone is looking curiously at a man
1237		A man is slicing butter	A woman is slicing tofu
1238		A small boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing	A small boy is shirtless and serious
1239		A guy is sitting comfortably at the table.	A person is sitting comfortably at a table.
1240		A guy is riding a horse	A guy is riding an animal
1241		A surfer is leaning against a surfboard	The person is wearing a diving suit and is on a surfboard
1242		A person is exercising	A man is dancing
1243		A woman is being carried by a man	A man is sharpening a knife
1244		A man is not playing the drums	A man is playing the drums
1245		A small boy in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert.	Little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
1246		A skunk is being held by a person	A person is holding an animal
1247		A man is dancing upside down on the ceiling of the room	A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
1248		A man in a black team shirt is standing in a gym	A man is standing in a gym and is wearing a team shirt
1249		The person is standing on the white ice	There are no people standing in a vast glacial ice field
1250		Two girls and one teenager are dancing	Three people are moving.
1251		The men are performing on stage.	Two men are leaving the stage
1252		A boy in a hat is wearing sunglasses	The child is wearing sunglasses
1253		A surfer is leaning the surfboard against a wall	A surfer is leaning against a surfboard
1254		The girl is squeezing juice from a lemon	A person is squeezing a lemon.
1255		A man is wearing a protective helmet and dancing.	The man is dancing
1256		A man is rowing a boat	A man is shooting with a firearm.
1257		Three boys are jumping off a platform	No one is jumping off a platform
1258		A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area.	A big white animal is jumping up in the snow
1259		A white bird is landing quickly in the water	A large white crane is flying near the water.
1260		A person with cycling gear is standing facing some mountains	Mountaineering equipment is firmly positioned in front of standing cyclist
1261		A man in a hat is walking through a store.	The man in a cowboy hat is not walking around the market and is not putting a hand in his wallet
1262		A guy is jumping in the air in a wood area	A shirtless woman is jumping over a tree trunk
1263		A lady wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man.	A lady wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man.
1264		A dog, which is small and black, is chasing a small brown dog	A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass
1265		A boy is swimming in the pool	A boy is wet
1266		The guy is playing an acoustic guitar	The guy is playing an acoustic guitar
1267		The guitar is being played by the man who has the guitar case open for donations	A man in a blue suit is standing near a purple box and is playing guitar
1268		A blonde in green is sitting near a swinging boy	A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
1269		A cyclist in black and red uniform is standing on a mountain bike.	A cyclist in black and red uniform is jumping out of a mountain bike.
1270		The lady is cleaning a shrimp	Someone is cleaning an animal
1271		A dog in a red outfit is not running in the field	A dog with long hair and a red outfit is running on the grass
1272		A person is frying meat in a frying pan	A person is not frying meat in the frying pan
1273		A boy wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill	A boy is going through the sand
1274		Brown dogs are playing fighting on the sandy shore	A brown dog and a red dog are having fun on the beach.
1275		A man is riding a motorcycle	The men are playing soccer
1276		A guy is riding a mechanical bull	The guy is riding a mechanical bull
1277		A man on a motorcycle is riding on the track and waving	A person on the motorcycle is raising an arm
1278		The cyclist is riding a bicycle on a city street.	The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is cycling in a parking lot
1279		Black monkey is brushing the bulldog	A bulldog is being brushed by a monkey
1280		A person is peeling a ripe banana	A banana is being peeled by one person
1281		The brown squirrel is running in circles	The squirrel is running
1282		The guy is playing the guitar and has the guitar cover open for donations	The guitar is being played by the guy who has the guitar case open for donations
1283		A talented guy is playing the guitar	A guy is playing a guitar
1284		Two white puppies are playing near a pool	Two white puppies are playing near the water.
1285		A brown and black dog is running through the leaves	A colored coat dog is running through the yard
1286		A black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.	A dark dog and a light dog are playing in the yard.
1287		A man is praying	There&#39;s no dancing man
1288		A keyboard is being played by a boy	The boy is playing keyboard
1289		People are rowing and rowing	Four people are floating in a dinghy
1290		The guy is carefully feeding a snake with a mouse.	The guy is carefully feeding the snake with a mouse
1291		A band is playing on a stage.	A band is playing on stage.
1292		The guy is fasting	The guy is not eating
1293		A guy is riding a motorcycle	A guy is riding a motorcycle
1294		A brown dog is carrying a colorful toy in the grass	A colorful toy is being carried by an animal in the grass.
1295		The person is brushing a cat	A person is brushing the animal
1296		The girl with a knife is slicing a pepper	The pepper is being sliced by a girl with a knife
1297		Two kids and their mother are standing next to a tree branch	Three people stand beside a tree branch
1298		Someone is not reading the email	A man is reading the email
1299		A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white hood and is talking and marching	People are sitting against a wall.
1300		A tiger cub is making a sound	There&#39;s no tiger cub making a sound
1301		A child is walking down the street and a jeep is approaching	A man in a car is leaning near a woman standing along a road
1302		There&#39;s no famous singer dancing on the ceiling	A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling
1303		Two boys on the couch are playing video games	The boys are playing video games
1304		A man is having dinner	A man is eating
1305		A young child is riding a bicycle on a bumpy dirt track	A young boy is riding a mountain bike through the mud
1306		No dogs are emerging from a lake	A dog is emerging from a lake
1307		A lady is slicing a cucumber	A person is slicing a cucumber
1308		A woman is dancing	A woman is sleeping
1309		A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk	A girl is jumping rope near the street
1310		Five people are standing on the grass with three dogs	Five people are standing in the grass with some dogs
1311		A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.	A dog, which is black, and a white are looking at each other in the street.
1312		Potatoes are being sliced by a girl	Someone is slicing potatoes
1313		A group of four brown dogs are playing in a brown grass field	Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
1314		The baby is laughing and crawling	There&#39;s no man playing the violin
1315		A group of people are not dancing at a concert.	A group of people are marching
1316		A guy is drinking orange juice and walking	A person is drinking orange juice and walking
1317		The skateboarder is jumping in the air	A skateboarder is jumping in the air
1318		A chef is cooking a meal	A man is preparing the meal
1319		The sweet flute is being played by a guy	A flute is being played by a guy
1320		A person is performing a card trick	A person is doing a card trick
1321		Two young men are sitting outside near a golden statue	Two people are looking at a golden statue
1322		A woman is cutting a lemon.	A woman is cutting fruits
1323		Someone is playing a tambourine	A tambourine is being played by someone
1324		A guy is performing a trick on a green bike	A guy is doing a bike trick
1325		A little monkey is walking by the water	A monkey is walking in the water
1326		A man is not drawing on a digital whiteboard.	A man is drawing on a digital whiteboard
1327		A woman is pouring eggs into a frying pan.	A man is petting two cats
1328		A man is riding a motorcycle	There&#39;s no man diving off a cliff
1329		A girl is eating a cupcake	A woman is eating a cake
1330		A black dog is walking across a rocky terrain	A black dog is running through a rocky landscape
1331		The children are wearing black pants and jumping	Children are not wearing black tights and are not jumping
1332		The black dog is climbing a rock	The dog is standing with both front paws on a rock in the field.
1333		A lady is vigorously breaking two eggs in a bowl.	A lady is breaking two eggs in a bowl
1334		The bike is being pedaled by a man wearing a beret on a recreation trail	A man is wearing a beret and is riding a bike on a recreational trail
1335		A guy and a middle-aged woman are riding bikes by a road beside the water.	A guy and a woman are riding a bicycle along a road near the water.
1336		Black dogs are playing in a river	Some animals are playing
1337		An old woman is shaking hands with a guy	A guy and a woman are shaking hands
1338		There are no female cops singing in karaoke	Two women are dancing
1339		A group of people are holding drinks and pointing at the camera.	Several elderly people are posing for a photo and holding beers
1340		The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach	The man is putting aside the camera and walking away from the beach.
1341		The violin is being played by a woman	A man is playing the piano
1342		A girl is frying food	Some foods are being fried by one person
1343		A shirtless man is holding a soccer ball	A soccer ball is being held by a shirtless man
1344		People are on a sandy beach near the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day.	A lot of people are on the sea coast
1345		A guy in a purple dyed hat is operating a camera that makes videos	The guy in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
1346		There&#39;s no woman peeling a potato	Potato is being peeled by a woman
1347		A lady is exercising	A person is exercising
1348		There&#39;s no man chopping a fish	A man is cutting a fish
1349		A man is jumping in the air on a board	Someone is jumping in the air on a board
1350		A man is sitting in the rain.	A man is dancing in the rain.
1351		A dog nearby in the snow is jumping off the ground and picking up a stick	A dog is jumping to catch a frisbee in the snow
1352		A group of running dogs are smelling the muzzle	A group of dogs are competing and have muzzles on their noses.
1353		The white dogs are looking curiously at the black llama	The black llama is looking curiously at the white dogs.
1354		An aircraft is flying	A plane is flying
1355		A guy is playing a flute made of bamboo	The guy is playing a flute
1356		A guy is working on the laptop	A guy is working on the computer.
1357		A big duck is flying above a rocky stream	A great current is full of stones, ducks and flies
1358		A chef is preparing some food	A boss is throwing away some food
1359		A guy is speedily chopping some mushrooms with a knife	A guy is quickly mincing some mushrooms with a knife
1360		A white dog and a black dog are running side by side on the green grass.	A dog, which has black fur, and a white dog are running on the grass.
1361		A black and white dog is carrying a large stick in the green grass	A black and white dog with a big branch is running in the field.
1362		There&#39;s no young boy riding a mountain bike through the mud	A young child is riding a bicycle on a bumpy dirt path
1363		A dog is chasing an animal&#39;s tail in the grass	A dog, which is small, is chasing a big brown cow
1364		The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy	An electronic man is kept as a device
1365		There&#39;s no man singing and playing a guitar	A man is playing a guitar
1366		A woman is skiing downhill and over a red obstacle	A man is skiing downhill and over a red obstacle
1367		Some kids are playing in the playground	Some kids aren&#39;t playing in the playground
1368		Some people are singing into the microphone.	A group of people are singing
1369		There&#39;s no woman riding an elephant	A woman is opening a soda and drinking
1370		A man and a woman are walking through the wooded area.	Two people are walking through a wooded area
1371		A dog is jumping on a bright blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves.	An animal is bouncing on a ball in a field of dry leaves.
1372		A guy is holding a frog carelessly	A frog is being carelessly held by a guy
1373		The black dog is biting a few drops of water	The dog is snapping a few drops of water
1374		A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some soda cans	There&#39;s no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some soda cans
1375		A barefoot man in pajamas is looking at the stars and is walking on the tennis court	A barefoot man in pajamas is looking at the sky and is walking on the tennis court
1376		A guy is talking on the phone	A guy is making a phone call
1377		Meat is being sewn by a woman	A lady is cutting meat into pieces
1378		A woman is wearing a hearing protector and is firing a gun on a covered shooting range.	A woman is shooting a practice target
1379		A dog is jumping on a trampoline	A dog is jumping on a trampoline
1380		A man is calling	A man is singing to a woman
1381		Young men are dancing in front of some people.	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
1382		Two white dogs are running fast together	Two white dogs are running together
1383		A person is not cutting garlic into pieces with a knife	Someone is putting ingredients in a wok
1384		Red and white soccer players are jumping and hugging	No red and white soccer players jumping and hugging
1385		Some instruments are being played by a band.	A band is playing some instruments
1386		A man is playing the guitar	A man is not playing the guitar
1387		The lady is catching the kangaroo	A kangaroo is catching the lady&#39;s baby
1388		A dog is chasing a ball through the dirt	There&#39;s no dog catching a ball
1389		A yellow dog is running down a sandy path	An animal is running down a sand-covered path.
1390		A lady is adding ingredients in a large bowl.	A lady is adding ingredients to a bowl.
1391		An asian lady is putting on makeup	The lady is putting on makeup
1392		The man is wearing a diving suit and is riding a surfboard	The surfer is leaning against a surfboard
1393		Two men, one woman, and two young boys are sitting in front of a large group of people outside a building.	Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large group of people outside a building.
1394		One woman is snowboarding downhill and another woman is standing behind her	A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard
1395		A girl with a splashing gun is laughing and being hit by other boys	A child is holding a water gun
1396		A woman is looking curiously at a man.	A man and a woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts.
1397		An obstacle is being jumped by a horse that has a rider on its back.	A horse and his rider are jumping over a barrier
1398		The clown is speaking into the microphone	A guy is talking
1399		The child is splashing water in a tiny blue pool	The child is splashing water in a pool
1400		A guy is having lunch	A guy is eating
1401		A paper plate is being painted by a woman	A person is painting a board
1402		The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree	The black animal is sitting on a leafless tree
1403		The man is playing the guitar	There&#39;s no man playing with a skull
1404		There&#39;s no man playing with a skull	The man is playing with a skull
1405		A baby is being put in a bin by a lady	A lady is putting the baby in a trash can
1406		A big city is begging for men and money holders	A man in a big city is holding a sign and asking for money
1407		A lady is using a sewing machine.	A lady is sewing with a machine
1408		A lady is dipping a pitu in the dough	A lady is dipping a shrimp in the batter
1409		A man is holding a sign and is seeking money	A man is looking for a sign and is holding some money.
1410		A chef is preparing some food	A chef is preparing a meal
1411		A dog with a blue dyed blanket is running through the grass	A dog with a blue blanket is running
1412		A girl is playing a wind instrument	A boy is playing a wind instrument
1413		A black animal is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth	The black animal is on the grass running with its tongue hanging out
1414		A man is playing a guitar passionately in front of an audience.	A woman is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience
1415		A man, two women and two girls are walking on the beach.	Five guys are walking on the beach
1416		A dog is pushing a small child into a rain puddle	A dog is pushing the small child into a puddle
1417		A tiny tree is being eaten by a baby elephant.	A baby elephant is eating a tree
1418		A couple of cops are floating in a dinghy	Two people are floating in a dinghy
1419		The woman is sticking a potato	The woman is not making holes in the potato
1420		A guitar is being played by a guy next to a drummer	A guy is playing guitar near a drummer
1421		Two dogs are resting together in the grass	A big dog and a little white dog are playing together
1422		A woman is slicing potatoes	A person is riding a horse
1423		A woman is chopping onions at the table	A woman is chopping onions
1424		Carrots are being grated by a girl	This girl is grating carrots
1425		A golden-haired dog is in the water	A brown dog is standing in the water
1426		The girls are playing in front of a big door	Some children are playing in front of a very large door.
1427		A young boy in a helmet is riding a bicycle on the lawn	A young boy in a helmet is riding a bicycle on the road
1428		A seabird is flying over some rocks	A large duck is perched on the edge of a rocky stream.
1429		The man is sitting in a covered area	The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella
1430		A white hat is being worn by a boy running on the beach	A boy is wearing a white hat and is running on the beach
1431		A kitten is drinking fresh milk.	A little cat is drinking milk
1432		A man&#39;s face is being painted by a lady	A lady is painting a man&#39;s face
1433		A dog, which is white, is standing in the fallen leaves.	A dog is standing over fallen leaves
1434		An oriental man and two women are turning their backs to the camera	A group of people are standing together and looking at the camera.
1435		An onion is not being sliced	Someone is holding a hedgehog
1436		The players are maneuvering the soccer ball	The players are maneuvering the ball
1437		A wee toy girl is in a toy car	A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car
1438		There&#39;s nobody jumping in the air with a board	Someone is jumping in the air on a board
1439		A white rally car is throwing mud in the air and is approaching a bend	A white racing vehicle is going through a muddy puddle
1440		Snowboarder is jumping from the snow.	A snowboarder is jumping from the snow.
1441		The animal is catching a ball	An animal is catching a ball
1442		Brown dogs are playfully fighting on the beach sand	A brown dog and a red dog are sitting sadly on the beach
1443		Some fish are swimming	An animal is swimming
1444		A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a cart along a paved road	A shirtless man is driving a cart being pulled by a horse
1445		Two kids are playing in a pool with a green colored crocodile float	Two kids are having fun with an inflatable crocodile in a pool
1446		A man is drawing some figures.	A man is drawing on a digital whiteboard
1447		The man is talking over the phone	The man is talking on the phone.
1448		A guy is cutting a paper board	A paper plate is being cut by a guy
1449		A guy is picking a tree	A guy is carrying a tree.
1450		The man is playing a game on the grass.	The animal is grazing in the grass
1451		A man is diving from a rock	A man is diving off a cliff
1452		A man is opening a package containing headphones	The man is opening a package containing headphones
1453		A guy is outside and is throwing blades at a nearby target	A guy is outside and is throwing blades at a nearby target
1454		The sun is not shining on the face of the girl in the yellow dress	The sun is shining on the face of the girl in the yellow dress
1455		A guy is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face.	The guy is sitting on the train and rests his hand against his face
1456		A man in green is hitting a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling	A man in green is kicking a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling
1457		There&#39;s no young boy riding a mountain bike through the mud	A young boy is riding a mountain bike through the mud
1458		The bull is grazing in the grass	An animal is grazing in a field
1459		A shirtless man is posing with open arms next to a woman	A shirtless man is posing with his arms wide open next to a woman
1460		The woman is slicing cooked octopus	A woman is poking an octopus
1461		Two people are sitting on a white bench.	Two people are sitting on a bench.
1462		A guy is shooting with a shotgun	A guy is shooting with a gun
1463		A dog is looking at a store counter	A dog is looking at a piece of furniture in a store.
1464		A mexican chef is stirring a pan of peppers with a spoon	Someone is stirring the pepper in a pan
1465		A baby is being put in a bin by a woman	A woman is putting the baby in the trash
1466		A man is sprinkling grated cheese on a pizza.	A man is sprinkling cheese on pizza.
1467		The young child is riding a three-wheeled motorcycle on the sidewalk	A young child is riding a three-wheeled motorcycle on the sidewalk
1468		A big black dog is running on the beach	A dog is running on the sea coast
1469		A man on a bike is pedaling on the beach	A person is stopping the bike on the sand beside the ocean
1470		The man wearing a leather cap and a purple shirt is standing in front of some bystander.	A man is not wearing a purple shirt and black leather cap and is posing for the camera.
1471		People are sitting against a wall.	People are sitting near a wall.
1472		The woman is not seasoning the oil	A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl.
1473		Three adults are sitting on chairs and are watching the ocean.	Some adults are sitting watching the ocean.
1474		A man and two women in a dark room are sitting at a table with candles.	The group of people are sitting in a dark room
1475		A man is eating a banana.	A man is eating a fruit.
1476		Someone is stirring noodles in the water	A man is boiling pasta in the water
1477		The boy is eating cereal	Cereal is being eaten by the boy
1478		The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a car.	A woman is standing behind the wheel of a classic American car with its door and trunk open.
1479		Three boys are jumping off a platform	One boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching
1480		A lady is cracking eggs	A lady is breaking eggs
1481		People are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant.	Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees.
1482		A man is carrying a rifle with bullets.	There&#39;s no man carrying a bullet rifle
1483		A guy is preparing some dish	A guy is preparing a plate
1484		A man is climbing a rope	A man is climbing upwards on a rope.
1485		Different teams are playing soccer on the field	The teams are playing soccer
1486		A woman is cleaning a shrimp	The woman is cleaning a shrimp
1487		A cat with black and white fur is trotting in the shallows	A cat with white and black fur is trotting in the shallows
1488		One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on the rock	A young girl in winter coat is jumping from a rock to the sand on the beach.
1489		An onion is being sliced by one person	Someone is holding a little animal
1490		Man in cowboy hat is walking around the market and putting a hand in his pocket	A man in a hat is passing a store
1491		A guy is quickly mincing some mushrooms with a knife	A person is quickly cutting mushrooms with a knife.
1492		Two kids are lying under some metal bars	Two kids are lying under some bars made of metal.
1493		One woman is snowboarding downhill and another woman is standing behind her	A blond boy is walking up a sand dune with a skateboard
1494		A man is chopping onions with a knife	The person is cutting vegetables
1495		A lady is cutting meat in pieces with a knife	Meat is being minced to pieces by woman
1496		A homeless house man is holding a sign and begging for money	A man in a big city is holding a sign and asking for money
1497		A cat is sliding upside down on a couch	A cat is not crawling under furniture
1498		A surfer is falling off the wave	A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink board
1499		The black and white dog is running in a green yard	The black and white dog is running outdoors
1500		Eggs are being cracked in a bowl by a woman	A woman is cracking eggs
1501		A surfer is catching a big wave	Is anyone surfing
1502		A dog with golden fur is in the water	A brown dog is standing in the water
1503		A blonde child is sliding down a slide and throwing his arms up	Someone is going down a slide and raising his arms
1504		A large group of cheerleaders are walking in a parade.	Cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms that are black, pink and white
1505		A dog is running on the floor	The girl is tapping her nails
1506		A little girl is smiling and wearing glasses	Small girl is smiling
1507		An octopus is being cut by a woman	A woman is slicing an octopus
1508		A teenage boy is talking to a girl with a webcam	A girl is talking to a boy with an internet camera
1509		A woman is talking to a boy	A boy is talking to a woman
1510		A guy is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day.	A person is drinking orange juice and walking
1511		A horse is being ridden by a man	A woman is riding a horse
1512		A young man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood	A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
1513		A happy-looking family is posing by the fireplace	A family is posing by the fireplace and the Christmas tree
1514		A man is chopping a tree with an ax	The man is felling a tree
1515		Three kids are running down a grassy slope	Three kids are running down the hill
1516		There&#39;s no man putting some cheese on a pizza	The man is sprinkling cheese on pizza
1517		Two dogs are in a kennel and are facing each other	Two animals are in a kennel facing each other
1518		A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing beside a stage.	A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage.
1519		A guy is riding a motorcycle at a motocross-related event.	A person is riding a motorbike at a motocross-related event.
1520		There&#39;s no baby talking	A baby is talking
1521		A wee boy in a striped shirt is slipping out of a green tube	A small boy in a striped shirt is slipping out of a green tube
1522		There&#39;s no soccer player kicking a soccer ball in the goal	Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball in the goal
1523		There are no young children standing in front of some trees	A young child is standing in front of some trees.
1524		A dog is playing on the lawn.	The dog is playing on the green grass
1525		A baby is crawling happily	A baby is crawling
1526		Fish is being cooked by a lady	A lady is cooking fish
1527		A black dog is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth	A black dog is lying in the grass
1528		A woman is breaking eggs	A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is walking in a park
1529		A dog with golden fur is out of the water	A brown dog is standing in the water
1530		A lady is pouring eggs into a frying pan.	A lady is pouring eggs into a pan
1531		A guy is cutting an onion	An onion is being cut by a guy
1532		A woman is frying something in a frying pan	There&#39;s no woman frying something in a frying pan
1533		A man is dancing	There are no women exercising
1534		A woman cheerleader is jumping on the knee of a man cheerleader	Some cheerleaders are taking a break
1535		A watercraft is being ridden by a lady	A lady is riding on a watercraft
1536		A young girl is running outside over some fallen leaves	A child is running outdoors on the fallen leaves.
1537		There&#39;s no man carrying a woman	A man is carrying a woman
1538		A lady is peeling a potato	A potato is being peeled by a lady
1539		A man is playing a violin	The baby is laughing and walking
1540		There&#39;s no orange kid playing with a snowball outdoors	An orange child is playing with a snowball
1541		The young man is practicing climbing	A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with his bare hands.
1542		A man and a woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts.	A man and woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background.
1543		Oil is being poured into a sautese by a guy	A guy is pouring oil into a frying pan
1544		The student is writing with a pencil	A person is writing
1545		Someone is feeding a fish	Someone is feeding an animal
1546		A man is shooting with a shotgun.	There&#39;s no man shooting with a shotgun
1547		There is no person playing a piano	A person is playing a piano
1548		A man is singing to a woman	A man is singing to a girl
1549		Military officer is shouting at recruits	The military officer is not shouting at the recruits
1550		A set of four brown dogs are playing in a brown grass field.	Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
1551		A child is slipping in the snow	A sleigh is full of children
1552		A man&#39;s face is being painted by a girl	A girl is painting a man&#39;s face
1553		A small baby is walking on the club floor	A baby is walking on a wooden floor
1554		One girl is jumping from a rock and another is standing on the rock	One girl is jumping on a rock and another is sitting on her
1555		A couple of female cops are singing in a karaoke	A couple of women are singing
1556		A baby is playing a guitar	A small boy is singing and playing the guitar
1557		Some boys are jumping off a platform.	One boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching
1558		A man in a hat is standing outside a green jeep	A man with a hat is standing outside a green vehicle
1559		A couple is sitting on a patio and is facing the ocean.	Two people are looking at the ocean
1560		A truck is speeding down a highway	A truck is fast down a road
1561		A harp is being played by a guy	A guy is playing a harp
1562		A girl wearing a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes.	There&#39;s no girl in a brown dress being surrounded by children and closing their eyes
1563		A woman is dancing near a fire.	A woman is dancing near a fireplace
1564		A man is massaging a blonde woman	A man is massaging a woman
1565		Someone is putting ingredients in the frying pan	A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.
1566		The cave with pink interior is being climbed by four Middle Eastern children, three girls and a boy.	Four middle eastern kids are climbing into the cave with a pink interior
1567		Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car	The young boy is running by the waves of the ocean
1568		The contents of a bowl are being mixed by a guy.	A guy is mixing the contents of a bowl
1569		A dog is catching a ball	A dog is leaving a ball in the dirt
1570		A girl is riding a horse	A horse is being ridden by one person
1571		A group of people are sitting relaxed on either side of a red stone monument.	The group of people are sitting on the floor outside a monument
1572		There&#39;s no girl playing a flute	A girl is playing a wind instrument
1573		A trick is being performed by a skater on a ramp.	A skater is performing a trick on a ramp.
1574		A soccer player in red and white uniform is being held up by two teammates	A soccer player in red and white uniform is being knocked down by two teammates
1575		A lemon is being squeezed by a lady	A lady is squeezing a lemon
1576		A girl is sanding her nails	A girl is combing her hair
1577		A lady is frying some food	Some foods are being fried by a lady
1578		The guy is riding a mechanical bull	A person is riding a mechanical bull.
1579		Tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball	A tennis player is hitting the ball
1580		A man is singing and walking down the sidewalk	A man is fishing in the stream
1581		A teenager is swimming in the pool	The teenager is wet
1582		The man is pouring sliced cucumbers into the water	There&#39;s no man cooking a snake
1583		A dog in the yard is running through the colorful coats	A colored coat dog is running through the yard
1584		A woman is putting pasta on a plate	A pasta is being placed on a plate by a woman
1585		The man is not playing the drums	Someone is boiling okra in a pan
1586		A big dog and a little white dog are playing together	Two dogs are playing together in the grass
1587		A group of people are equipped with safety equipment.	A group of people are equipped with equipment used for protection.
1588		A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth.	A brown and white dog is dropping the baseball from his mouth
1589		A dog is in an area full of sand, with sand being stirred in the air and several plants are in the background.	A dog is in the sand being blown by the wind
1590		A man is riding a water toy in the water	There&#39;s no man driving a water toy in the water
1591		A guy is typing on a machine used for shorthand	The guy is operating a shorthand machine
1592		The dog has its head in a red and green gift bag	A dog has its head in a red and green gift bag.
1593		A surfer is catching a big wave	The surfer is surfing
1594		The woman is handing volleyball balls to another woman	One woman is receiving another woman&#39;s volleyballs
1595		A woman is shooting a practice target	A man is shooting a practice target
1596		A guy is playing a flute	A guy is playing an instrument
1597		A girl is cooking eggs	The girl is cooking
1598		A man is playing a flute	The man is riding a scooter
1599		Orange rescue boat is running through the water	Two men are rafting on the coast near an orange biker
1600		The man is throwing knives in a tree	The man is throwing knives at the tree.
1601		There&#39;s no tiger cub making a sound	A tiger is walking around
1602		Several people are singing	There are people singing
1603		A young girl in a green shirt is walking on the sidewalk and holding a pink sign	The girl is carrying a board and is being followed by a group of people.
1604		A distant person with a blue backpack is walking in a rocky area.	The person is walking
1605		A lady is practicing with a flute	A lady is playing the flute
1606		A white dog is in the sand	A dog is in the sand
1607		Four people are walking through the thick snow and the sun is setting	Some people are going through the snow landscape which is beautiful and snowy
1608		A person riding a bicycle is standing on a mountain bike.	A cyclist is standing on a mountain bike.
1609		A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross	The doctor is not helping the patient
1610		There are no young children wearing a white coat and playing a game	A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game
1611		Two boys in white clothes and red protective gear are fighting on a rug	Two kids in white and red safety gear are fighting on a rug
1612		A man is talking	A person is spitting
1613		A girl in a blue sweater is holding a multicolored toy and is sitting on the shoulders of an old man with gray hair.	A girl in a blue sweater is holding a multicolored toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a gray-haired man.
1614		A woman is combing her hair	A woman is combing her hair
1615		The man in the white hat is playing the guitar on stage	Four people are doing an outdoor music performance
1616		The lady is breaking two eggs in a bowl made of glass	The lady is breaking two eggs inside a glass bowl
1617		A cyclist is holding a bicycle over his head in a group of people.	A cold cyclist is celebrating
1618		The policeman is sitting on the police bike	A biker is sitting next to a policeman man
1619		A child in light colored clothes is standing with his arms open	Two girls are not playing inside a jumping house
1620		A man is not dancing	A man is dancing
1621		The guy is catching a fish	A guy is catching a fish
1622		One boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching	One boy is jumping on a platform and two other boys are sitting absently.
1623		A man is doing barbell raises	Someone is doing exercise
1624		A black animal is approaching a golden dog on the pebble beach	A black dog is approaching a golden dog on a gravel beach
1625		Someone is scratching an animal&#39;s belly	A person is caressing an animal&#39;s belly
1626		Two dogs are playing in the snow	Two animals are frolicking in the snow
1627		A cat is jumping into a container	A young man is talking with a leaf
1628		A young boy is riding a mountain bike through the mud	A young child is riding a bicycle on a bumpy dirt path
1629		A young boy in a helmet is riding a bicycle on the road	A bicycle is being pedaled by a small boy in a race
1630		A black dog is catching a ball	The dog is catching a ball
1631		A boy is passionately playing a guitar	Some boy is playing
1632		A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit	There&#39;s no rabbit playing with a stuffed bunny
1633		A woman is slicing an onion	A woman is slicing a potato
1634		A person is writing	The writings are about a person drawing
1635		A golden-haired dog is swimming by the water	There are no dogs swimming in a lake with sunlight reflecting on it
1636		A shirtless boy has a clean face	A blonde child is holding a yellow bottle
1637		A group of boys are playing field soccer at the beach	A group of men are playing with a ball at the beach
1638		A person is not frying	A person is peeling a potato
1639		The plane, which is African, is flying in a blue sky.	A plane is flying through the air
1640		A teenager is cutting mushrooms with a knife	A person is cutting some mushrooms
1641		A lemur is quickly eating an apple.	A lemur is eating
1642		A blonde girl is holding a water pistol	A child is holding a water gun
1643		A man is climbing a rope	The man is climbing up a rope
1644		The boys are standing in front of the burning car	The boys are standing in front of the burning car
1645		A dog is running beside a fence along a dirt path.	A dog is sitting near a fence on a dirt path.
1646		A harp is being played by a man	A man is playing the keyboard
1647		The guy is austerely playing a piano	The guy is playing a piano
1648		A boy is filling a jug with water	The jug is being filled with water by a boy
1649		Women are wearing bunny ears and running numbers and are pointing to something far away.	Women are wearing something fair and pointing at various bunny ears.
1650		A potato is being sliced by the guy	Or face is tiring sweet potato
1651		A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.	The man is dancing upside down on the ceiling
1652		A horse and his rider are jumping over a barrier	The horse is jumping over the hurdle and has a rider on his back.
1653		Man in cowboy hat is walking around the market and putting a hand in his pocket	A walker is in a men&#39;s hat shop
1654		A horse is jumping over the hurdle and has a rider on his back.	A horse without rider is falling over the obstacle
1655		Two girls are jumping inside a toy house	A child in light colored clothes is standing with his arms open
1656		Garlic is being minced by a woman	A woman is cutting garlic
1657		There&#39;s no woman slicing potatoes	A woman is slicing potatoes
1658		The kids aren&#39;t chasing each other in the sand	A small boy is running on the floor and playing with the small girl
1659		A person is frying meat in a frying pan	A skunk is being held by a person
1660		A guy and a boy are standing under some outdoor stairs	The guy and the boy are standing under the stairs, which is outdoors
1661		A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse	A horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat
1662		A cow is anxiously walking in a cage.	An animal is walking
1663		The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats	A boy and a girl are naked
1664		A small boy is playing guitar in the room	A boy is playing a guitar
1665		Four people are walking on a bridge over a river	Four people are walking on a bridge over a body of water
1666		A skilled man is playing guitar on stage	A guy is playing a guitar on stage
1667		A man is singing and playing a guitar	A man is singing and playing a musical instrument.
1668		This group of people are practicing water rescue and wearing orange life jackets.	Life jackets are being worn by a group of people practicing water rescue
1669		The man is singing and playing the guitar	The guitar is being played by a man
1670		A guy is cutting a fish	A fish is being cut by a guy
1671		A dog is running on the concrete and is holding a blue ball	A dog is running on the concrete and is holding a ball
1672		The woman is measuring the other woman	A woman is being measured by another woman
1673		There are no boys kneeling next to each other in front of a ball	Young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in the park
1674		A group of cooks are walking through the grass	People are walking
1675		Man is making a handstand in the wet sand at the water&#39;s edge on the beach.	The man on the beach is not making a handstand on the wet sand at the water&#39;s edge
1676		A big cat is opening a drawer with its paws and jumping in.	A cat is opening a drawer and jumping in.
1677		This man is running down the road	A man is running
1678		A blond boy is walking up a sand dune with a skateboard	A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard
1679		A cat is playing with a tiny bottle	The dog is licking a bottle
1680		Little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert	There&#39;s no girl wearing jeans and a pink shirt running
1681		A man is not riding a scooter	A man is playing a flute
1682		A young girl is wearing a blue print swimsuit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head.	A small girl is wearing a blue print swimwear, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head.
1683		A lady is tapping her fingers on a desk	A lady is tapping her fingers
1684		A guy is mowing grass	The grass is being cut by a guy
1685		A golden retriever is running	A yellow dog is running down a sandy path
1686		A woman is painting a man&#39;s face	A man is painting a woman&#39;s face
1687		A guy is eating some canned food	A guy is eating food
1688		A man and a woman are driving down the street in a jeep.	Two people are in a jeep driving down the street
1689		A man is looking at the horizon and people are walking through buildings behind him.	A white man is walking near a building in a large city.
1690		Two teams are playing field soccer	Different soccer players are training in a field
1691		The girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie	A girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
1692		A brown and white dog is dropping the baseball from his mouth	A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
1693		A man and two girls are walking on the beach	Three people are walking
1694		A couple of female cops are singing in a karaoke	Two women are not dancing
1695		A small girl is playing a guitar	A small boy is playing the guitar
1696		The guy and the kid are kayaking through the calm waters	A guy and a kid are kayaking through the calm waters
1697		The woman is frying a breaded pork chop in a pan	A woman is cooking a pork chop that is breaded
1698		There&#39;s no woman chopping an onion	A man is chopping onions
1699		An officer is talking to the recruits	The military officer is not shouting at the recruits
1700		An onion is being sliced by you	The lady is slicing an onion
1701		The child is playing with toys outdoors	Some child is playing with toys outdoors.
1702		A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking around an American state	A person in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking around an American state
1703		A girl is slicing an onion	An onion is being sliced by a girl
1704		A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing buoys on their arms.	A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats.
1705		A black helmet is being worn by a man pushing a bike	A man is wearing black helmet
1706		A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next competition.	A young swimmer is sitting in a bathing suit and is waiting for the next competition.
1707		A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask	There&#39;s no man holding a mask in his raised hand
1708		A guy is wearing a red jacket and standing next to a red canoe on some rocks with water in the background.	A guy is wearing a red jacket and standing next to a yellow canoe over boulders with water in the background.
1709		Someone is pouring meat into a frying pan	Meat is being poured into a frying pan
1710		The guy is chopping a potato	A guy is cutting a potato
1711		A man is jumping rope outside	A woman is skipping rope outside
1712		The kids are chasing each other in the sand	There&#39;s no small boy running on earth and playing with a girl
1713		A wee boy in a yellow shirt is laughing at the beach	Small boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
1714		The dog is catching a ball	A dog is catching a ball
1715		A man is holding an electronic device.	The man is not taking a picture of himself and another guy
1716		A white dog with beige spots is running across a field.	A caramel dog is resting near a brush
1717		A dog is running breathless on the road	A dog is running on the road
1718		A brown dog is jumping in the air	A healthy looking dog is lying on the floor.
1719		A group of people playing soccer are running on the field.	People playing soccer are running
1720		The guy is slicing vegetables	Vegetables are being sliced by a guy
1721		A woman is cracking eggs in a bowl	Woman is adding ingredients to a bowl.
1722		A man is talking with the boy	A man is talking to a woman
1723		A woman is looking at the view of a city	A tower is being seen by a blonde lady
1724		A horse is being ridden by a girl	A girl is riding a horse
1725		A young girl in blue leotard is jumping in the air	A young girl in blue colored leotard is jumping in the air
1726		A guy is not riding a horse	A man is riding a horse in the desert
1727		An orange child is playing with a snowball	A child is crushing a snowball
1728		The guy with a hard hat is dancing	A guy with a hard hat is dancing
1729		A guy is standing next to a large and colorful bird cage	A guy is standing near a large and colorful bird cage.
1730		A couple is running towards the ocean	A man snowboarding is jumping through the air
1731		A young man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood	Someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood with a drill
1732		The skewers are being placed on a shelf by a lady	A lady is putting skewers on a shelf.
1733		The guy is absently eating a banana near a tree	A guy is eating a banana
1734		A woman is slicing a fish	Garlic is being chopped by a woman
1735		Potatoes are being sliced by a lady	A lady is slicing potatoes
1736		A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat	A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette.
1737		A cat is biting someone&#39;s hand	A cat is biting someone
1738		A lady is cutting broccoli	A lady is cutting vegetables
1739		A woman is slicing tofu	A woman is cutting butter
1740		A guy is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor porch	A guy is doing a trick with a skateboard
1741		A man is riding a bicycle	A man is not riding a bicycle
1742		A man is playing the piano	There&#39;s no man playing the piano
1743		A guy is reading an email	An email is being read by a guy
1744		A band is screaming on stage	A band is screaming on the stage
1745		A couple is getting in a car	A couple is getting in a car
1746		A concentrated girl is playing the flute	A girl is playing the flute
1747		A rabbit is running in circles	An animal is running in circles.
1748		A lady in a hat is stirring a pan of peppers with a spoon	Someone is stirring the pepper in a pan
1749		A woman wearing a boa is riding a bicycle across a pedestrian bridge	A woman who is wearing a scarf is riding on a bicycle by the pedestrian bridge.
1750		A tiny group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch.	A group of five young adults are resting in the bedroom.
1751		A girl is wearing a pink helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot.	The cyclist is not riding on a city street
1752		Different teams are resting on a field.	Two teams are playing field soccer
1753		A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing	A little blonde girl is smiling and sitting on a swing
1754		A bearded guy is playing a guitar	A guitar is being played by a guy
1755		The lady is cutting an onion	The lady is not cutting meat
1756		Young people are running in a competition	People are competing in a race.
1757		A guy is driving a car	A car is being driven by a guy
1758		A person is rubbing a zucchini	The person is rubbing a zucchini
1759		A small boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing	A wee boy in a yellow shirt is laughing at the beach
1760		A boy is pushing the buttons on a microwave	The buttons on a microwave are being pressed
1761		A man is training	Two men are fighting
1762		Several women wearing pink bunny ears are pointing to the right.	Women are wearing something fair and pointing at various bunny ears.
1763		A person is wearing a red jacket and holding a beer.	One person is shirtless and is dropping beer
1764		A man is carrying a gun with bullets.	A woman is seasoning a piece of meat
1765		A man is opening a tiny package containing headphones	A man is opening a package containing headphones
1766		The tiger is walking outside the cage	The tiger is not walking inside the cage
1767		There are no white dogs running and jumping on the beach	Two white dogs are running and jumping along the beach
1768		A woman is cooking fish	There are no women cooking fish
1769		Chunks of butter are being added to the mixer	There&#39;s no man slicing butter in a mixing bowl
1770		A dog is chasing a ball through the dirt	The dog is catching a ball
1771		A man is cutting a big rope with a sword.	A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword.
1772		The boy and the girl are playing at outdoor gym	Some kids are playing in the playground
1773		A man is cutting a fish	A woman is slicing a fish
1774		A young girl in a green shirt is walking on the sidewalk and holding a pink sign	There&#39;s no young girl in a blue shirt walking on the sidewalk and holding a pink sign
1775		A tiny guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the ground.	A little guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the ground.
1776		A lady is cutting a white onion	A lady is cutting an onion
1777		A man is playing with water	A man is doing a magic trick
1778		A boy is quickly descending a steep slide	A child is rapidly descending a steep slide
1779		A person is not slicing some onions	A hamster is singing
1780		People are carrying several baskets.	Some individuals are carrying many objects.
1781		Cheerleaders are not parading and are not wearing black, pink and white uniforms	Cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms
1782		A clown is playing and singing and people are dancing	A song is being played by a clown
1783		A person is not frying	A person is frying some food
1784		The girl is slicing garlic quickly	The girl is chopping garlic
1785		A group of people are standing around a soundboard.	People are standing around a stereo
1786		A woman is frying meat	A woman is cooking food in a pan of hot water
1787		There are no brown dogs running through the tall green grass	A brown dog is running across the tall green grass
1788		Five women and three men are sitting around a campfire at night.	Several people are gathered around the fire at night
1789		A woman is putting aside a lemon	A woman is not squeezing a lemon
1790		A woman is buttering a slice of bread	A man is buttering a loaf of bread
1791		A horse is being ridden by one person	A person is riding a horse
1792		A man is massaging a woman	There is no man screwing a piece of wood to a wall
1793		A woman is frying some food	There&#39;s no woman frying food
1794		A guy is dancing in the rain	A person is dancing in the rain.
1795		A group of Asian girls are standing together.	Two girls are laughing and other girls are looking at them
1796		There&#39;s no young girl in winter coat jumping from a rock to the sand on the beach.	One girl is jumping from a rock and another is standing on the rock
1797		A distant person with a blue backpack is walking in a rocky area.	The person is walking
1798		A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth.	A dog is jumping with a tennis ball in its mouth
1799		A man is singing and standing on the sidewalk	A man is singing and walking down the sidewalk
1800		There&#39;s no room full of students looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure.	A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction within a bamboo structure.
1801		A woman is slicing carrots	A woman is not slicing carrots
1802		Some men are fighting	There are no men fighting
1803		The brown dog is smelling the tail of a little black dog	The brown dog is not smelling the tail of a tiny black dog
1804		A small boy with a bib is watching the camera	A bib boy is watching the camera
1805		A wee girl is driving a toy car	The girl is driving the toy car
1806		Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking next to a building.	People are walking with baskets and blankets.
1807		Someone is playing the guitar on stage	Someone is playing the guitar
1808		The lady is playing a guitar that is electric	The lady is playing an electric guitar
1809		A person is frying some food	A person is peeling a potato
1810		Two black bears are lying together.	Two animals are lying down
1811		A man is mowing grass	There&#39;s no guy mowing the lawn
1812		Adults and children are standing and playing in front of a staircase near a wooded area	People are playing in front of steps near a wooded area
1813		A family is watching a small boy who is hitting a baseball	A family is watching a small boy who is losing a baseball
1814		There&#39;s no man sneezing with a water pistol inside a dog&#39;s mouth	A person is chopping an onion
1815		Several boys are jumping on a trampoline	A man is giving mortals on a trampoline
1816		A man is rowing a boat	A woman is rowing a boat
1817		Orange rescue boat is running through the water	The orange rescue boat is not running through the water
1818		The man is playing the flute	A man is playing the guitar
1819		A group of children in uniforms are standing at a gate and one is kissing their mother	A group of children is at a gate and one is kissing mom
1820		A girl is standing on the beach with a dog on a leash	Someone is standing on the beach with an animal on a leash.
1821		A baby rhino is avoiding an adult rhino	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
1822		A woman in a pink shirt is surfing through yellow surfboards	A surfer is riding the wave
1823		A brown and black dog is looking up	A brown and black dog is pointing its nose up
1824		The dog is walking along a bridge made by a trunk over the water	The black dog is not walking on a tree trunk bridge over water
1825		A girl is adding ingredients in a large bowl	A girl is adding ingredients to a bowl
1826		The guy is singing with emotion and playing guitar	A guy is playing the guitar
1827		A guy in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorcycle	A person in a black blouse is doing tricks on a motorcycle
1828		A woman is ignoring a man	A woman is looking curiously at a man.
1829		A boy is playing slipping on the grass	A child is playing slipping on the grass
1830		Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach	No women wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
1831		Fish is being cooked by a girl	A girl is cooking a fish
1832		A man is singing into a microphone	A man is dancing in the rain.
1833		A boy is passionately playing a guitar	The boy is playing
1834		Someone is peeling an onion	An individual is peeling a vegetable
1835		The drums are being played by the little boy	A boy is playing the drums
1836		A little bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers.	There&#39;s no wee bee landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
1837		A man is playing the keyboard	There&#39;s no man playing a harp
1838		The boy and the girl are playing at outdoor gym	Some kids are playing in the playground
1839		A caramel dog is splashing water on the bank of a river	A light brown dog is running in the water
1840		The man is not playing the guitar	The man is playing the guitar
1841		The drums are being played by the boy	A boy is playing the drums
1842		Rhino is grazing in the grass	There&#39;s no man playing a game on the grass
1843		A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling	A person is pulling a cat from the ceiling
1844		A man is emptying a plastic container	A container is being shaken over a sink in the kitchen by a man
1845		The girl is applying makeup on her face	A person is applying makeup on their face.
1846		The lady is practicing water skiing without fear	The lady is doing water skiing
1847		Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large group of people outside a building.	A crowd is posing for a large cameraman wearing heavy clothes.
1848		The dog is jumping to catch a yellow frisbee in the snow	A dog is jumping to catch a frisbee
1849		A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood	A young man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
1850		A brown dog and a red dog are having fun on the beach.	Brown dogs are playfully fighting on the beach sand
1851		A little dog is chasing a big brown cow	There&#39;s no wee dog chasing a big brown cow
1852		A woman is frying meat	A woman is putting food in a pan with hot water
1853		There&#39;s no woman peeling a potato	A man is playing a guitar passionately in front of an audience.
1854		The old lady is waiting anxiously on the stone pavement	The old lady is waiting on the sidewalk
1855		You are slowly adding sugar to the meat	The woman is adding sugar to the meat
1856		One person has flowing blond hair and is playing guitar	One person has flowing blond hair
1857		A boss is cleaning a soup bowl	A boss is getting a bowl of dirty soup
1858		Someone is not playing the piano	A person is playing a keyboard
1859		The milk is being drunk by a cat	The cat is drinking some milk
1860		A brown dog is jumping in the air	The brown animal is jumping in the air
1861		A man and a woman are walking through the woods together	A man and a woman are walking through the wooded area.
1862		Two girls are lying under some metal bars	Two kids are lying under some bars made of metal.
1863		There&#39;s no boy in a white t-shirt splashing in the shallows	A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing water in the shallows
1864		The sun is shining on the face of the girl in the yellow dress	A girl is surrounding brown dressed children who are closing their eyes
1865		A girl is cooking empanada pork chop	The girl is cooking a pork chop that is breaded
1866		A big brown dog is not running outside in the dirt	A dog is running beside a fence along a dirt path.
1867		A group of five young adults are resting in the bedroom.	A group of five young adults are relaxing in the covered area
1868		The horse is being ridden by a man	A man is riding a horse
1869		A baby is not crawling happily	A baby is crawling happily
1870		Two men are standing on the edge of a cliff and one is jumping in the sea.	Two men are standing on the edge of the cliff and one is jumping in the water.
1871		A cow is eating pasture	A cow is grazing
1872		The kids are chasing each other in the sand	A small boy is running on the floor and playing with the small girl
1873		A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue	A young mother is playing with her boy in the park
1874		A guy in a red uniform is quickly jumping on a mountain bike race	A guy in a red uniform is jumping on a mountain bike race
1875		An old man is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket with black pants	An old man is sitting on a bench
1876		A group of men are playing field soccer at the beach	A group of boys are not playing soccer on the beach
1877		The cook is sprinkling cheese on pizza	The man is sprinkling cheese on pizza
1878		The man is feeding the snake with a mouse	There&#39;s no man working on the laptop
1879		A lady is holding and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms.	The lady is catching and holding a kangaroo baby
1880		The woman is playing the sweet flute	The flute is being played by the woman
1881		Two little-looking boys in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpet floor	Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
1882		A teen girl is wearing beads that are red	The teenager is wearing red beads
1883		Women are wearing bunny ears and running numbers and are curiously pointing to something far away.	Several women wearing pink bunny ears are pointing to the right.
1884		A boy is talking with a leaf	A cat is jumping in a box
1885		A group of students in uniform are listening intently in front of the class	A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction within a bamboo structure.
1886		Kids in swimsuits are not playing in the water	Swimwear kids are playing in the water
1887		American football player is wearing a red and white sash	An american football player is wearing the sash
1888		Two young men are playing outdoors near a golden statue	Two people are looking at a golden statue
1889		A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog collar by the sea	A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash on the beach
1890		A cat is eagerly eating an ear	A cat is eating some corn
1891		A little brown and white dog is running on the road	A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk
1892		A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog	There&#39;s no little black dog chasing a little brown dog
1893		The man is not playing the drums	A man is pouring cleaning product into the sink
1894		Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset	A group of people are wading through the water.
1895		Three women are dancing	Someone is moving
1896		The woman is sticking a potato	There&#39;s no woman putting a child in a trash can
1897		A man is putting food in a container	A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping in a blue kids pool
1898		A woman in a black dress is dragging a stroller and stands in front of two men who are sitting on a park bench.	A lady is dressed in black and is carrying a white cross
1899		A man is walking in the rain	Someone is walking in the rain.
1900		A man is recklessly climbing a rope	A man is climbing a rope
1901		A small boy in red-dyed clothes is jumping in the air	The boy in the red clothes is jumping in the air
1902		A guy snowboarding is jumping through the air	A snowboarder is jumping through the air.
1903		A gray dog is bouncing a field soccer ball over his head on a grass field	A gray dog is bouncing a tennis ball on its head in a grass field
1904		A woman is collecting tap water in a mug	A woman is collecting water
1905		The man is doing exercises	Two men are fighting boxing
1906		Some onions are being cut by one person	A hamster is singing
1907		Three little dogs are smelling something	Three dogs are resting on the sidewalk
1908		Two race cars are on a road in front of a grassy parking area	Two race cars are on the road in front of a grassy parking area
1909		There&#39;s no woman wearing a blue helmet and riding a bicycle in a parking lot	The cyclist is riding a bicycle on a city street.
1910		A couple is standing in a courtyard and looking to the sky	Two adults are sitting on chairs and are watching the ocean.
1911		A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask	A mask is being held by a man in his raised hand.
1912		Three people are driving quad bikes in a field	Some people are driving ATVs
1913		Three people are standing next to a bench under some palm trees.	People are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant.
1914		A woman is slicing a carrot	The eastern lady is not cutting a carrot into thin pieces
1915		A man with brown hair is not wearing glasses and is not sitting at a table with soda cans and other drinks.	The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with soda cans and other drinks.
1916		Two boys are talking on the phone	A woman is talking on a telephone
1917		Vegetables are being put in a pan by a man	Someone is pouring ingredients into a pan
1918		A tennis player is jumping left	A tennis player is jumping left
1919		Some bamboo is being eaten by a panda bear	A panda is eating
1920		There&#39;s no man breaking a concrete slab with a sledgehammer	A man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is in another man.
1921		A woman is slicing a pepper that is green	A woman is slicing a green pepper
1922		A guy is playing the guitar	The guy is playing the guitar
1923		A man is being curiously observed by a lady	A lady is looking curiously at a man
1924		The lady is looking at the view of a city	A lady is looking at the view of a city
1925		Two people are standing in the ocean and looking at the sunset	Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset
1926		A man is talking to the girl who is sitting next to him and is driving a car	The girl and the man are traveling by car
1927		A young boy is riding a mountain bike through the mud	A boy is riding a bike through the mud
1928		Three friends are making faces for the camera	Three friends are making faces for a photo
1929		A ball is being chased by a yellow dog	A yellow dog is chasing a ball
1930		Several people are singing	People are singing
1931		A child is making a snowball	There&#39;s no orange kid playing with a snowball outdoors
1932		Two police officers are standing on a motorcycle	Two people are riding a bike
1933		A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross	A lady is dressed in black and is carrying a white cross
1934		A dog with caramel coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball	A caramel dog is jumping up
1935		A large group of people are near the desk	A crowd of people is near the table.
1936		A guy with a hard hat is dancing	A guy is wearing a protective helmet and dancing
1937		No one is pouring ingredients into a pan	Someone is pouring ingredients into a pan
1938		Two kids are rolling in dirty water	Two kids are rolling in muddy water
1939		Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran.	Three friends are making faces for the camera
1940		Someone is playing with a frog	The trumpet is being played by a man
1941		A man in a red uniform is jumping on a mountain bike race	A man in a red uniform is running and jumping on a bicycle on the ground.
1942		A group of children in the basement of a church are playing maracas and tambourines	Tambourines are being played by a group of children
1943		The girl is pouring oil into the frying pan	Oil is being poured into a frying pan
1944		There&#39;s no boy wearing red shorts jumping into a kiddie pool	A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping in a blue kids pool
1945		Two white dogs are running and jumping along the beach	Two dogs are happily playing on the beach
1946		Two dogs run fast through the park	Two dogs are running fast through a park
1947		A person is frying some food in the pan	A person is cooking some food
1948		The golden dog is crossing a field of tall grass	A brown dog is running across the tall green grass
1949		A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandana is running very fast	A brown and white cat with a black and brown bandana is running very fast
1950		It&#39;s snowing a lot in two dogs that play	Two animals are playing in the snow
1951		Mexican chef is carefully pouring oil into a frying pan	Some liquid is being poured into a frying pan by a man.
1952		Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue rug	Two kids are doing martial art
1953		A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and is playing with a brown dog in the grass.	There are no white dogs wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and playing with a brown dog in the grass
1954		A young girl is using sign language	There&#39;s no girl communicating with sign language
1955		An afraid little boy is on a climbing wall.	A boy who looks scared is on a climbing wall
1956		A child is crushing a snowball	An orange child is playing with a snowball
1957		A police officer is sitting on a motorcycle	A policeman is dismounting a motorcycle
1958		Two young women with arms crossed are looking at the screen	There&#39;s no woman with black hair standing in front of a wooden wall
1959		A teenager is taking a nap in the park	The teenager is resting in the park
1960		A black dog on a leash is walking in the water.	The dog is on a leash and is walking in the water
1961		Some cameras are being burned by a person with a blowtorch	The person is setting the cameras on fire
1962		A person is wrapping an onion	A person is cutting an onion
1963		A bird, which is large and white, is flying near the water.	A big white bird is flying near the water
1964		A man with brown hair is not wearing glasses and is not sitting at a table with soda cans and other drinks.	A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some soda cans
1965		A little child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase.	There&#39;s no little child in a pink sweater climbing a concrete ladder.
1966		The woman is not holding a frog	The woman is thumbing a frog
1967		A sheepdog is herding a flock of sheep	The sheepdog is herding a herd of animals
1968		A young topless woman is covered in paint.	A naked crowd with body paintings is walking in front of a lady.
1969		A brown dog is running in the snow	A dog is running through the white snow
1970		Ice hockey goalkeeper is not wearing a yellow team jersey and is not defending the goal	A yellow shirt hockey player is protecting the goal
1971		A guy is cutting a potato into pieces	A guy is cutting a potato
1972		Two little children are playing with a toy car on the street.	Two kids are playing with a toy car
1973		There&#39;s no panda bear eating some bamboo	A panda bear is eating some bamboo
1974		A colored coat dog is running through the yard	A brown and black dog is resting on the leaves.
1975		A man is talking	There&#39;s no man talking
1976		People are sitting at square tables in a red room.	People are sitting at the table.
1977		Three opponents are making faces at the camera	Three friends are making faces for the camera
1978		There are no dogs running with a volleyball	A dog is running with a volleyball
1979		The purple, white and black player is playing near the end of the field.	A sports uniform is being worn by a man running across the field.
1980		Two puppies are playing	Two pandas are lying together.
1981		A little dog is lying in a bed	A wee dog is lying under the bed
1982		A colored ball is being caught by a dog in midair	The dog is catching a ball in midair
1983		A man is shooting with a gun.	A man is rowing a canoe
1984		The person is dicing a pepper that is orange	A pepper is being cut
1985		No family posing by the fireplace and Christmas tree	A happy family is posing by the fireplace
1986		A man dressed in black and white is holding a tennis racket and waiting for the ball.	A man dressed in black and white is dropping the tennis racket and waiting for the ball.
1987		A person is riding a horse	A person is riding a motorcycle
1988		A girl is holding and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms.	The girl is catching and holding a baby kangaroo
1989		A man is chopping onions	An onion is being cut by a woman
1990		A white cat is opening a drawer with its paws and jumping in.	A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
1991		The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background.	The man is not standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are not in the background.
1992		A dog is opening a can of food	The dog is biting a can
1993		An old man is talking to a leaf	A cat is jumping in a box
1994		A yellow bike person is in the air	A person on a yellow mountain bike is jumping
1995		A keyboard is being played by a boy	A boy is playing the keyboard
1996		A lonely guy is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall	A guy is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall
1997		A lady is grating carrots in the pan	Carrots are being grated by a lady
1998		A very young bride in a white dress is running	A girl in a white dress is running
1999		A lady is slicing an eggplant	The lady is cutting a vegetable
2000		The small boy is riding a bicycle in a race	A young boy in a helmet is riding a bicycle on the lawn
2001		A yellow palm tree is in front of a building and a dark-skinned man is standing near it.	The dark-skinned man is on one hand in front of a yellow building
2002		A young couple is lying together on a couch	A young couple is lying in a bed together
2003		The lady is squeezing juice from a lemon	A lady is squeezing a lemon
2004		A girl in white is dancing	A girl wearing white clothes is dancing
2005		The officers are talking to each other	The officers are having a conversation
2006		A man is standing next to a bird cage.	The man is standing stably beside a bird cage
2007		A guy is eating a pizza	Some food is being eaten by a guy
2008		A surfer is riding the wave	A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink board
2009		A baby is crawling happily	A cat is walking on the club floor
2010		A shirtless boy has a clean face	A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face
2011		A person is not making a bed	A person is making a bed
2012		A tiny group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch.	A tiny group of people are standing and two people are sitting on the couch.
2013		An onion is being cut by a man	A man is opening a door.
2014		Two teams are enthusiastically playing field soccer	Different teams are playing soccer
2015		Two kids are stretching on top of some metal bars	Two kids are crouching under some metal bars
2016		There are no dogs that are furry and black in the yard carrying a basket in their mouth	A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine tree, is biting a bucket.
2017		A boy is drawing on a digital whiteboard	A boy is drawing on a board
2018		A boy is checking a calendar	The boy is checking a calendar
2019		A dog stands near a red-colored ball that is in the air.	An animal is near the red ball in the air
2020		A young guy with brown hair and dark glasses is sitting in front of some soda cans	A young guy with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some soda cans
2021		A pizza is being eaten by a guy	A guy is eating a pizza
2022		Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers	Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera.
2023		There&#39;s no man singing and playing a guitar	A boy is playing a piano
2024		A man is having lunch	A woman is dancing
2025		The class is being attended by a class of students.	A classroom is full of students
2026		A guy is playing the keyboard	A person is playing the keyboard
2027		The guy is putting chicken in the container	A guy is putting food in a container
2028		A fish is being cut by a guy	A guy is slicing a fish
2029		The food in the trays is being eaten by the puppies	Few cat puppies are eating
2030		A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing	A blonde child in green is sitting on a swing
2031		A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen	A man is emptying a plastic container
2032		A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game.	A child is wearing a coat and playing a game
2033		A man is standing behind the wheel of a classic American car with its door and trunk open.	One person is behind the wheel of a classic American car with its door and trunk open.
2034		A person is kicking a monkey	A monkey is kicking a person
2035		A man and woman are in a beige-painted room wearing black shirts and a monitor is in the background.	A man and woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background.
2036		Three men are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river	Three people are walking across a wooden bridge and rope over a river.
2037		A dog is sleeping on a snow covered beach	A dog is playing alone on a snow covered beach
2038		A musician is playing a keyboard	A guy is playing the keyboard
2039		A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face.	The bearded man is sitting in the train
2040		A dog is pushing a small child into a rain puddle	The dog is pushing a child into the water
2041		The cook is sprinkling cheese on pizza	A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
2042		People in a drag race are looking at the flames coming out of the cars.	The crowd is not watching two race cars that are crossing the starting line
2043		A big cat is opening a drawer with its paws and jumping in.	A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and jumping in.
2044		The monkey is brushing the dog	A monkey is brushing the dog
2045		A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth	A baseball is being held in the mouth by a black and white dog.
2046		A boy is wearing everything black and is sliding on a yellow inflatable slide.	The boy in black is going down on an inflatable slide
2047		A young girl in winter coat is jumping from a rock to the sand on the beach.	One girl is jumping on a rock and another is sitting on her
2048		A big green ball is hitting a bottle	A big green ball is knocking over a bottle
2049		A guy with a hat behind is sitting on the floor	A person with a hat behind is sitting on the floor
2050		The bearded man is sitting in the train	The man is sitting on the train and rests his hand against his face
2051		A guy is holding an electronic gadget	A person is holding an electronic device.
2052		A cat is sliding upside down on a couch	A cat is sliding upside down on a piece of furniture
2053		A man in a blue suit is standing near a purple box and is playing guitar	There&#39;s no man in a purple suit standing in front of a purple box and playing the guitar
2054		A man is playing the piano	There&#39;s no woman playing the violin
2055		A shrewd badger is digging the earth	A badger is digging in the ground
2056		A caramel dog is splashing water on the bank of a river	A caramel dog is splashing water on the shore of a pond.
2057		The girl, who is small, is carefully doing a ponytail in her hair	The little girl is combing her hair in a ponytail
2058		No one is playing guitar and singing	The woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing
2059		A mountain is being climbed by two men	Some men are climbing a mountain.
2060		The lady is cooking eggs	The lady is cooking something
2061		Two girls and one lady are dancing	Three women are moving
2062		A boy is making a speech at a podium	A boy is speaking at a podium
2063		A boss is getting a bowl of dirty soup	A man is cleaning the rim of a bowl
2064		There are no dogs walking along a snowdrift	A dog is playing alone on a snow covered beach
2065		A gentleman is cutting a fish	A man is slicing fish
2066		Red and white soccer players are jumping and hugging	A soccer player in red and white uniform is being knocked down by two teammates
2067		Someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood with a drill	A man is closing a hole in a piece of wood
2068		One daughter is being pushed by her father in a go-cart and another girl is watching	Two little children are playing with a toy car on the street.
2069		Runners are competing on the track	Some runners are running down a track
2070		A man is putting tomatoes and carrots in a metal pan	Vegetables are being placed in a container.
2071		A man is passionately playing a guitar.	The man is playing the guitar
2072		Two dogs are playing together in the grass	A big dog and a little white dog are walking towards each other.
2073		The boy and the girl are playing happily and wearing arm floats	A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats.
2074		A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is parking on the ground and people are not looking	A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on the ground and people are watching
2075		A cat&#39;s hair is being combed by a girl	A person is combing a cat&#39;s fur
2076		There&#39;s no woman slicing an onion	A woman is cutting a potato
2077		A man is doing a trick with a skateboard.	A person is doing a trick on a skateboard.
2078		A light brown dog is running in the water	A light brown dog is shooting the water
2079		Two pandas are not lying together	Two pandas are lying together.
2080		A young boy is climbing a stone wall	The boy is climbing the stone wall
2081		A man dressed in black is pulling a stroller and is standing in front of two men who are sitting on a park bench.	A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
2082		The red and brown dog is sticking its muzzle inside a gift bag	The dog has its head in a red and green gift bag
2083		The woman is playing the guitar	The man is playing the guitar
2084		The person is not standing on a white ice	Snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill
2085		A woman is pulling a sticky goo out of a bowl	A pasta is being placed on a plate by a woman
2086		A surfer is leaning against a surfboard	No surfer leaning against a surfboard
2087		A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for the ball	A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
2088		A man and a woman are sitting in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map.	A couple is looking at a map.
2089		A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snow-covered area.	A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area.
2090		A band is singing loud	A group is singing
2091		A guy is playing a child in the pool that is near the ocean	The guy is playing a child inside a pool that is near the ocean
2092		The person is writing with a pencil on a sheet of paper	A person is writing something down with a pencil.
2093		Two kids in white clothes and red safety gear are fighting on a rug	Two kids in white clothes and red protective gear are sitting on a rug
2094		A man and two girls are walking on the beach	Three guys are walking on the beach
2095		A woman is opening a soda and drinking	A woman is riding an elephant
2096		A guy is riding a motorcycle dangerously through a city	A guy is riding a motorcycle
2097		A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face	There&#39;s no blonde child holding a yellow bottle
2098		A soccer player in red and white uniform is being held up by two teammates	Some red and white soccer players are jumping and hugging
2099		This group of people are practicing water rescue and wearing life jackets.	The stream is being sailed by a group of friends in a dinghy
2100		A person is tearing sheets	A person is tearing paper
2101		The guy is eating a banana near a tree.	A banana is being eaten by a guy
2102		The man is not making a big leap	The man is making a big leap
2103		The man and the boy are standing under the stairs, which is outdoors	There are no adults in the amphitheater talking to a boy
2104		A guy is hurrying into a car in a garage	A guy is getting in a car in a garage
2105		A man on roller skates is skating on a skate park built	A man is skating on a skate park
2106		A dog is opening a drawer and climbing inside	A big cat is opening a drawer with its paws and jumping in.
2107		A dog is swimming in a body of water	An animal is swimming in a body of water
2108		The girl is trotting on the horse	A horse is being ridden by a girl
2109		The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar cover open for donations.	The man is opening a guitar to receive coins and playing with the instrument cover
2110		A girl is cutting meat with the knife	A girl is cutting some meat
2111		A dead bird is next to a black man sitting in a tree	A black bird is sitting on a dead tree.
2112		A man is fitting a silencer into a pistol	A man is applying a silencer to a gun
2113		Meat is being minced to pieces by a woman	Someone is cutting meat into pieces
2114		A lady is beating two eggs in the bowl and is using a whisk made of metal	A lady is beating two eggs in a bowl and is using a whisk made of metal
2115		A big city is begging for men and money holders	A homeless house man is holding a sign and begging for money
2116		The fantasy men are walking down the street	People in costumes are walking down the street.
2117		Two men are taking a break from building	Two men are taking a break from work
2118		Woman is wearing hearing protection and firing a gun in a covered shooting range	A woman is shooting a practice target
2119		A man dressed in black is wearing roller skates and performing stunts on a rail	A man dressed in black is wearing roller skates and doing a trick on a rail
2120		The woman in the white sweater is not drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager	A girl is tattooing her hand
2121		A boy is opening a package	A boy is opening a package
2122		A person is folding a piece of paper.	Someone is folding paper
2123		The wave is being surfed by the surfer in the sun	A surfer is riding the wave
2124		A black topless person is packing a pile of stones and a cloud front is in the background.	A topless person with a backpack stands in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background.
2125		A man is working on the laptop	The man is feeding the snake with an animal
2126		Young boys are not posing with a green field soccer ball in a park	Young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in the park
2127		A man is massaging a blonde woman	A man is massaging the woman
2128		Three people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking next to a building.	Some people are walking with baskets and blankets.
2129		A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping in a blue kids pool	A boy wearing red shorts is jumping in a kiddie pool
2130		Three people are driving ATVs	Some individuals are driving four-wheeled vehicles.
2131		A man is slicing potatoes	The man is not slicing a potato
2132		A group of running dogs are smelling the muzzle	A group of race dogs are wearing striped uniforms and are running down the track.
2133		The guy is cautiously operating a shorthand machine	The guy is operating a shorthand machine
2134		The woman is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is in another man	A man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is in another man.
2135		A man is shooting with a bow	A man is shooting with a firearm.
2136		A child is playing the guitar	There&#39;s no young boy singing and playing guitar
2137		A man is putting tomatoes and onions in a pan	Vegetables are being put in a pan by a man
2138		Two dogs are playing in a forest	A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore.
2139		Recruits are talking to an officer	Military officer is shouting at recruits
2140		There&#39;s no woman riding an elephant	A woman is riding an elephant
2141		A shirtless guy is driving a horse pulling a cart	A shirtless guy is driving a cart being pulled by a horse
2142		A man is jumping out of the pool	A man is diving in a pool
2143		The guy is slicing bread	Bread is being sliced by a guy
2144		No one is stirring a pot of pepper with a spoon	Someone is stirring pepper in a kettle
2145		Some fish are swimming	An animal is in the water
2146		There&#39;s no man slicing potatoes	A man is slicing potatoes
2147		A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is excitedly running	Little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
2148		A girl is taking off a cloak, which is too large, and revealing a fancy dress	Someone is taking off a cover, which is too big, and revealing fancy clothes
2149		A woman is poking an octopus	The woman is cutting octopus
2150		There&#39;s no lemur hanging on a string	A lemur is hanging on a rope.
2151		The lady is breaking an egg in a plate	The man is cracking eggs in a bowl
2152		A man is jumping rope outside	A person is slicing a cucumber
2153		Pasta is being boiled in water by a woman	Someone is stirring noodles in the water
2154		There&#39;s no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some soda cans	The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with soda cans and other drinks.
2155		A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument	An instrument is being played by a woman wearing a red dress
2156		There&#39;s no man pouring cleaning product into the sink	The man is playing the drums
2157		There are no white dogs with beige spots running across a field	A white dog with beige spots is running across a field.
2158		A blond boy in green is sitting on a swing	A blond boy in green is standing on a swing
2159		The guy is screaming at the recruits	The guy is shouting at the recruits
2160		Two teen girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event	A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing beside a stage.
2161		A skateboarder is doing tricks on a track.	A guy is skateboarding on a track
2162		An individual is folding a piece of paper noisily	Someone is folding paper
2163		It&#39;s raining on a man on foot	A man is walking in the rain.
2164		Two men are competing in a tire competition	Men are competing in a tire race
2165		Eggs are being boiled by the girl	A girl is boiling eggs
2166		A lady wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is standing close to other people dressed in the same way.	The lady wearing the blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is close to others who are dressed the same way.
2167		There&#39;s no man on a boat in front of the sunset	A man is sitting on a boat facing the sunset near a flag
2168		A guy is wearing a hat and is dancing	A man with a hat is dancing
2169		Someone is pouring ingredients into a pan	A man is removing vegetables from a pan
2170		Three people are wading through the water	A group of people are wading through the water.
2171		A group of boys in a backyard are playing and a man is standing in the background.	A group of children are playing in a backyard and an old man is standing in the background.
2172		A guy is thinking	The guy is thinking
2173		A man is playing a harp	A man is playing the keyboard
2174		A man in a white hat is playing guitar on the stage.	The music is being performed by four people outdoors
2175		There&#39;s no man mowing the grass	A man is mowing grass
2176		An onion is being sliced by one person	An onion is not being sliced
2177		A guitar is being played by a man	A man is opening a box with a knife.
2178		A woman is slicing a piece of butter	The woman is cutting butter
2179		Five kids are standing together and one has a pistol	Kids are standing together and a child has a gun
2180		Some cat is playing with a watermelon	A cat is playing
2181		The guy is cutting the tape in the box	A guy is cutting the tape in the box
2182		Kids in swimsuits are playing in the kiddie pool	Swimwear kids are playing in the water
2183		The baby is laughing and crawling	The baby is laughing and walking
2184		An onion is being cut by a guy	An onion is being sliced by a guy
2185		A man is making a bed	A person is eating at a table.
2186		The sun is shining on the face of the girl in the yellow dress	A girl wearing a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes.
2187		A guy is chopping mushrooms with a knife	A man is chopping some mushrooms with a knife
2188		A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl.	There&#39;s no man slicing butter in a mixing bowl
2189		A teenage boy is talking to a girl with a webcam	A girl is talking to a boy with an internet camera
2190		A motorcycle is being ridden by a man	A man is diving off a cliff
2191		Two people are sitting on a park bench on a sunny day.	Two women dressed in white and black are relaxing on a bench.
2192		The young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her	A young girl is playing at the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her
2193		A dog is running downhill	A dog is running uphill
2194		Doctors are healing a man	The doctor is helping the patient
2195		An onion is being sliced by one person	Someone is holding a hedgehog
2196		A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for the ball	A black and white dog is jumping for a ball
2197		A man is adding tomatoes and carrots in a metal pan	Vegetables are being placed inside a metal container
2198		The guy is pouring sliced cucumbers into cold water	The guy is pouring sliced cucumbers into the water
2199		A woman is not slicing an onion	A woman is slicing an onion
2200		A man and a woman are talking.	A woman is cracking eggs
2201		The mound of men is playing rugby in a muddy field	The group of people are playing rugby on a muddy hill.
2202		The man is lying naked near a surfboard	A surfer is leaning against a surfboard
2203		A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white hood and is talking and marching	There is no woman wearing a blue t-shirt with a white vest and white cap talking and marching
2204		A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor porch	A woman is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor porch
2205		A man is massaging this lady	A lady is being massaged by a man
2206		A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil	A boy is looking down and wearing a wedding veil
2207		One girl is jumping from a rock and another is standing on the rock	A girl is jumping from a rock
2208		A surfer is leaning against a surfboard	The surfer is leaning against a surfboard
2209		A black man is dancing break on the sidewalk	The dark-skinned man is on one hand in front of a yellow building
2210		A guy is chopping a tree with an ax	A person is felling a tree with an ax.
2211		A woman is wearing costume and paint and is riding a bicycle on a busy street.	A bike is being pedaled by one person
2212		A teenage boy is talking to a girl with an internet camera	A teenager is talking to a girl using a webcam
2213		Two kids are crouching under some metal bars	Two kids are peering over a rusty ledge
2214		Two people are walking two dogs with golden fur in the snow	Some people are in the snow wearing camouflage clothing
2215		There&#39;s no man holding a sign and looking for a monkey	A man is holding a sign and is seeking money
2216		A man is putting an electronic device	A man is holding an electronic device.
2217		The little dog is dropping the slipper from his mouth	The little dog is grabbing the slipper with its mouth
2218		The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella	A barefoot woman is sitting on a blanket under a lilac umbrella
2219		A pizza is being eaten by a guy	A guy is eating some food
2220		A clown is singing on the stage and people are dancing	A man dressed as a clown is singing
2221		The lady is casting shadow	A lady is casting shadow
2222		A person is chopping onion with a knife	A person is chopping onion with a knife
2223		A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow	A woman wearing pink gloves and brown jacket is not smiling in the snow
2224		A lady is chopping garlic	Garlic is being diced by a lady
2225		A sheepdog is herding a flock of sheep	A dog is gathering a flock of white sheep on a dusty farm
2226		There are no female cops singing in karaoke	A couple of female cops are singing in a karaoke
2227		A man is diving in a pool	A woman is diving in the pool
2228		A fish is hunting a turtle in the sea	A sea turtle is looking for fish
2229		A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool.	People are not walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
2230		A shirtless man is posing with his arms wide open near a woman	A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is walking in a park
2231		A couple is standing in a courtyard and looking to the sky	A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean.
2232		The cat is licking a bottle	An animal is playing with a tiny bottle
2233		A cat is sliding upside down on a couch	A cat is sliding on the couch
2234		The guy is sprinkling cheese on pizza	Cheese is being put on a pizza by a guy
2235		A dog is running beside a fence on a dirt-filled trail	Big brown dog is running out in the dirt
2236		A guy is playing the drums	A guy is playing the drums
2237		Two men are driving an orange dinghy along the coast	Two men are rafting on the coast near an orange biker
2238		A black dog is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth	A black dog is running in the grass
2239		A dog is running down a snowy path	A dog is running on a snowy path.
2240		The guy is awkwardly practicing kickboxing with a coach	The guy is practicing kickboxing with a coach
2241		A man and a woman are driving down the street in a blue and white jeep.	Two people are in a colorful car driving
2242		A man is petting two dogs	A woman is removing eggs from a frying pan.
2243		A laughing child is holding a water pistol	A child is holding a water gun
2244		A potato is being peeled by a girl	Someone is peeling a potato
2245		A bee is clinging to a yellow flower.	The little bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers.
2246		A woman in jeans is standing in front of a group of children next to a stone house.	A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children.
2247		There&#39;s no girl sanding your nails	A girl is combing her hair
2248		A person in a blue jacket is jumping off a tall concrete wall	A person in a blue jacket is jumping over a high cement wall
2249		The boy is standing near the entrance of a fountain	A boy is standing beside the opening of a fountain
2250		The small boy with brown hair is jumping from a brown chair to the floor	A boy is jumping out of a chair
2251		A cyclist is holding a bicycle over his head on a sunny day.	A bicycle is being held by a cyclist over his head.
2252		Four people are standing on a low cement railing	The group of people are sitting on the edge of a rock and a scenic view is behind them.
2253		The guy is dancing wildly	The guy is dancing
2254		A blond boy is sliding down sand dune on a skateboard	One woman is snowboarding downhill and another woman is standing behind her
2255		Paper is being cut with scissors	The piece of paper is being cut
2256		There&#39;s no man walking a path through nature	A man is walking along a path in nature.
2257		A woman is slicing carrots	The woman is cutting a carrot
2258		A child is walking down the street and a jeep is approaching	A man in a car is leaning next to a woman who is walking along the street
2259		A woman wearing pink gloves and brown jacket is not smiling in the snow	A woman wearing pink gloves and brown jacket is smiling in the snow.
2260		A black dog is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth	A dog, which has black fur, is running on the grass with its tongue sticking out of its mouth.
2261		The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house	The girl in pink is rolling a ribbon
2262		Three men and one woman are posing for a photo	A woman is posing for three men for a photo.
2263		A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard	One woman is quickly snowboarding downhill and another woman is standing behind her
2264		A girl is pouring eggs into a frying pan	A girl is pouring eggs into a pan
2265		The boy is not mowing the lawn near the sidewalk with scissors	A boy is mowing the lawn with shears
2266		A lady is slicing a green pepper	The pepper is being sliced by a lady with a knife
2267		A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a cart along a paved road	A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a cart along a road
2268		A plane is landing on the runway	The plane is landing
2269		The dog in the red-dyed outfit is running in the field	A dog with long hair and a red outfit is running on the grass
2270		The pepper is being sliced by a girl with a knife	Someone with a knife is slicing a pepper
2271		A lady is tapping her fingers nervously	A lady is tapping her fingers
2272		The piano is being played by someone	A person is playing a keyboard
2273		The dark-skinned man is on one hand in front of a yellow building	A black man is deftly dancing break on the floor
2274		A man is not playing with water	A man is doing a card trick
2275		The violin is being played by a small girl on a beach	The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting
2276		The guy is taking a picture of himself and another guy	A person is holding an electronic device.
2277		The man is not playing the piano	The man is playing a piano
2278		A race car driver is standing and pointing his hand to the sky	A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
2279		A young asian woman is getting a tattoo on her hand	A girl is tattooing her hand
2280		A lady is cutting some meat precisely	Meat is being minced to pieces by a woman
2281		A waterfall is flowing from a shallow pool	People are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
2282		Two girls are jumping inside a toy house	Two girls are playing inside a jumping house
2283		Kittens are eating food in bowls.	Some kittens are eating.
2284		Someone is stirring noodles in the water	No one is stirring noodles in the water
2285		A big flute is being played by a man	A man is playing a flute
2286		There&#39;s no girl sanding your nails	A girl is sanding her nails
2287		Boy is mowing the sidewalk grass with scissors	There&#39;s no boy mowing lawn with shears
2288		A boy is preparing a tasty dish	A boy is preparing some dish
2289		A man is putting tomatoes in a pan	Vegetables are being put in a pan by a man
2290		A group of women are playing with a ball at the beach	A group of boys are playing field soccer at the beach
2291		A cheetah is running fast after its prey	A cheetah is chasing another animal
2292		An onion is being sliced by the girl	The girl is slicing an onion
2293		A guy is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch	A guy is kicking a ball
2294		A young man in a white shirt and a black and gold hat is sitting with his legs crossed.	An old man in a white shirt and black and gold hat is sitting cross legged
2295		A man, two women and a girl are walking on the beach	Four people are walking
2296		A man is playing a guitar	A man is opening a box with a knife.
2297		A black and orange bird is standing on the lawn.	A black and orange bird is standing in the grass
2298		A man is cooking a snake	The man is pouring sliced cucumbers into cold water
2299		A homeless man is holding a sign and is begging mercifully for money.	A man in a big city is holding a sign and asking for money
2300		A cat is playing with a watermelon	The cat is playing with a fruit
2301		A man is breaking his hand against a board	A man is breaking his hand
2302		A woman is slicing carrots	There&#39;s no woman cutting potatoes
2303		A boy is skateboarding on a track	A man is skateboarding on a track
2304		There&#39;s no snowboarder spinning around a snowdrift	Someone is jumping in the air on a board
2305		People in costumes are walking down the street.	People in costumes are sitting on the street.
2306		The person is slicing a garlic clove into pieces	Someone is slicing a garlic clove into pieces
2307		Small boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing	A small boy is wearing a tank top
2308		A smiling boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping in a blue kids pool	A boy, who looks smiling and is wearing a swimsuit, is jumping into a blue children&#39;s pool
2309		Two kids are leaning against a rusty railing	Two kids are looking over a rusty railing
2310		A lady is poking an octopus	The woman is cutting an octopus
2311		A blond boy in green is sitting on a swing	A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
2312		The woman is holding the brush next to the artist&#39;s easel	The lady is holding the brush next to the artist easel
2313		A dog is standing on the concrete and is holding a blue ball	A dog is running on the concrete and is holding a blue ball
2314		Or face is tiring sweet potato	A guy is slicing a potato
2315		Many people are sitting around a campfire at night.	Several people are gathered around the fire at night
2316		A golden-haired dog is coming out of the water	A golden-haired dog is swimming by the water
2317		The black bird is sitting on a leafless tree	A black bird is sitting on a dead tree.
2318		A white car and a yellow car are competing for the track.	Two cars are competing for the track
2319		A woman is opening a soda and drinking	A man is opening a soda and drinking
2320		A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snow-covered area.	A big white dog is jumping up in the snow
2321		A guy is crouching in the bush and taking a photograph	A guy is crouching in the bush and is taking a picture
2322		A person is riding a bicycle	A cyclist in black and red uniform is standing on a mountain bike.
2323		A young child is splashing water	The little child is not wading in the water and is not being guided by someone else
2324		The guy is eating	A guy is eating food
2325		The dog is jumping in the shade of some trees.	A dog is jumping in the shade of some trees.
2326		A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands while playing on the slide	A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands while slipping
2327		A person is not eating at a table	A person is making a bed
2328		The panda is drinking water	A panda bear is drinking some water
2329		The girl is standing on the couch and doing crochet	The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting
2330		A guy is playing a flute	A guy is playing the flute
2331		A lady is cutting broccoli	Broccoli are being cut by a lady
2332		The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog	A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and is playing with a brown-haired dog in the grass.
2333		A man is doing a card trick	A man is doing a magic trick
2334		A black and white dog with a big branch is running in the field.	A black and white dog is carrying a big stick in the green grass
2335		The man is playing the piano in a fun way with his nose	The man is playing the piano
2336		The doctor is helping the patient quickly	The patient is being helped by the doctor
2337		People in a drag race are looking at the flames coming out of the cars.	People in a drag race are running from the flames coming out of the cars.
2338		A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks	A big duck is flying above a rocky stream
2339		The group of people are sitting on the floor outside a monument	The group of people is not sitting on the floor outside a monument
2340		One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on the rock	A young girl in winter coat is jumping from a rock to the sand on the beach.
2341		A girl is tapping her fingers nervously	A person is tapping his fingers
2342		A boy next to some rag buckets is holding an object	A young black child is waiting on the edge of a body of water near some buckets.
2343		A person in a black hat is reaching for a box	A man with black hat is touching a cardboard box
2344		People are clustered around a campfire at night	Several people are together around the fire
2345		A dirty caramel dog is rolling in the dirt and looking straight into the camera	A dog is rolling on the floor
2346		The purple, white and black player is playing near the end of the field.	The black player is making a move for the white player near the end of a purple field.
2347		A woman is putting skewers on a shelf.	There&#39;s no woman putting skewers on a shelf
2348		A man in a black hat is trying to reach a box	A person in a black hat is reaching for a box
2349		A man is not participating in a bmx race	A man in a red uniform is jumping on a mountain bike race
2350		The man is sprinkling cheese on pizza	There&#39;s no man sprinkling cheese on pizza
2351		Two people are riding a motorcycle	The bikes are being ridden by two people
2352		A pet dog is standing on the bench and is looking at another brown dog in the pond.	The caramel dog is watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
2353		The man is entering the water	The person is entering the water
2354		The guy is talking on the phone	The guy is talking on the phone
2355		A man is tidying the garden	A man is mowing a lawn
2356		The huge brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt	A big dog is running in the dirt
2357		Two kids are looking at the camera and one is showing tongue	A small boy is showing his tongue at the camera and another boy is looking at him
2358		There are no brown dogs standing in the water	A brown dog is standing in the water
2359		A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk near a parking lot	A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk
2360		The kids are chasing each other in the sand	The small boy is running on the floor and playing with a small girl
2361		A black man is dancing break on the sidewalk	A yellow palm tree is in front of a building and a dark-skinned man is standing near it.
2362		A man is holding a mask in his raised hand.	There is no man dressed in black wearing an elaborate black mask
2363		The baby is splashing water inside a blue kiddie pool	A small child is splashing water inside a blue kiddie pool
2364		A small girl is playing the violin on a beach	There&#39;s no girl playing the violin on the beach
2365		An old man is screwing a piece of wood into a wall	A piece of wood is being screwed to a wall by a man
2366		The cat is looking at a store counter	A dog is looking at a store counter
2367		A cyclist is performing a trick on a very graffiti wall.	A cyclist is doing a trick on a graffiti wall
2368		A black and white dog is jumping for a ball	The black and white dog is jumping by the ball
2369		A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air	A seemingly malnourished dog is standing on its hind legs and getting ready to jump.
2370		One man is climbing a wall made of stone and another man is holding the rope	The man is climbing a wall and another man is holding a rope
2371		The guy is slicing sweet potatoes	The guy is slicing some potatoes
2372		A man in a dyed purple shirt is looking at the guy in the black shirt who is making a funny face	A man making a face is being watched by another man
2373		One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water.	Two men are standing on the edge of the cliff and one is jumping in the water.
2374		A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running through the grass.	A big dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
2375		A woman is wearing costume and paint and is riding a bicycle on a busy street.	A woman is wearing costume and paint and is riding a bicycle on an empty street.
2376		A woman is putting pasta on a plate	A woman is pulling a sticky goo out of a bowl
2377		Motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants	The blue and black pants are being worn by the pilot
2378		There&#39;s no lemur hanging on a string	A man is buttering a loaf of bread
2379		A man is jumping rope outside	A woman is slicing a cucumber
2380		A dog is chasing an animal&#39;s tail in the grass	A little dog is chasing a big brown cow
2381		A person on a clean yellow bike is jumping	A cyclist on a yellow motorcycle is in the air.
2382		A dog is running after a ball in the grass	The dog is chasing the ball
2383		Someone is dirtying an animal	Someone is cleaning an animal
2384		A man is drawing some figures.	A man is erasing some figures
2385		A caramel dog is running through the bush	A white dog with beige spots is running across a field.
2386		Some guy is standing on top of the clouded rocks behind	A guy is standing on top of the clouded rocks behind
2387		A lady is playing an electric guitar	A lady is playing an electric guitar
2388		A lady is slicing an onion	An onion is being sliced by a lady
2389		A small boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing	There&#39;s no wee boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach
2390		A guy in a red jacket is standing near a yellow kayak on some rocks near the ocean.	A guy is wearing a red jacket and standing next to a red canoe on some rocks with water in the background.
2391		A young girl near a pink sign is holding a blue shirt and walking on the sidewalk	The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people are following her
2392		There&#39;s no man eating food	A man is eating some food
2393		A man is carrying a rifle with bullets.	A woman is seasoning a piece of meat
2394		A monkey is practicing martial arts	There is no monkey practicing martial arts
2395		A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball in the garden.	A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball outside
2396		The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people are following her	A young girl in a green shirt is walking on the sidewalk and holding a pink sign
2397		A woman is marching with a pair of dogs.	A very long-haired dog is being displayed by a woman at a dog show
2398		A boy is playing the piano excitedly	A boy is happily playing the piano
2399		The man is standing in the water at the base of the waterfall	The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall
2400		A man is holding a tiny animal in one hand	A man is hiding a wee monkey
2401		A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow	The woman wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow
2402		A man is breaking eggs	A woman is cracking eggs
2403		An egg is being cracked in a bowl by a lady	A lady is breaking an egg in a bowl
2404		The cat is playing with a watermelon	This animal is playing with a watermelon
2405		The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people are following her	There&#39;s no young girl in a blue shirt walking on the sidewalk and holding a pink sign
2406		Broccoli are being cut by a woman	A man is cutting tomatoes
2407		Young woman is blowing a bubble that is big	The woman, who is young, is blowing a bubble
2408		One woman is in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and the others are looking	One girl in orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in the park and others are looking
2409		A piano is being played by one person	A person is slicing a potato
2410		A person is cementing a jacket on a high blue wall and jumping	The man is making a big leap
2411		Two men are driving an orange dinghy along the coast	The rescue boat, which is orange, is running through the water.
2412		Two men are driving an orange dinghy along the coast	The orange rescue boat is not running through the water
2413		The man is riding a scooter	A man is not riding a scooter
2414		A woman in white clothes and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage.	A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage.
2415		A lady is tapping her fingers on a desk	A lady is tapping her fingers on a table
2416		A large crowd of cold clothes is moving away from a camera	A large crowd of warm clothes is posing for a camera.
2417		The girl in blue and white uniform is cheering	Some choreographic numbers are being presented by the girl in blue and white uniform.
2418		There are no tanned children looking at the camera	A tanned child is looking at the camera
2419		A person in a blue jacket is jumping off a tall concrete wall	The man is making a big leap
2420		The lady is riding elephant	The elephant is being ridden by the lady
2421		There&#39;s no woman frying something in a frying pan	A man is playing the guitar
2422		An old lady is shaking hands with a man	Two people are shaking hands
2423		A black dog is jumping and playing on the ground.	A black dog is jumping and playing
2424		A cat is biting someone&#39;s finger	A cat is biting someone&#39;s hand
2425		A woman is cutting tofu	A woman is not cutting tofu
2426		A man is massaging a blonde woman	The man is massaging a blonde woman
2427		A guy and a woman are walking through the woods together	A guy and a woman walk through wooded areas together
2428		A guy is playing the guitar	A guy is playing the instrument
2429		A man is playing an electric guitar.	A man is playing the guitar
2430		A woman in jeans is sitting in the saddle of a horse	There are no people wearing jeans sitting on a horse saddle
2431		A woman in a red dress holding an instrument	A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument
2432		The monkey is brushing the bulldog	A dog is being brushed by the monkey.
2433		The man and the lady are walking through the woods	A man and a lady are walking through the woods
2434		A lady is standing on the beach with a dog on a leash.	A lady is standing on the beach with an animal on a leash.
2435		A girl in blue is going down a green slide	The young girl in blue is having fun on a swing
2436		The cat is playing passionately with a watermelon	The cat is playing with a watermelon
2437		A little child is greedily drinking water from the glass.	A little child is drinking water.
2438		A little bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers.	A bee is clinging to a yellow flower.
2439		A group of guitarists are walking down the road	People are walking
2440		A woman is seasoning a piece of meat	There&#39;s no man carrying a bullet rifle
2441		A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing buoys on their arms.	The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats
2442		A presentation is being attended by a student class	The presentation is being attended by a class of students.
2443		Some panda is climbing	A bear is climbing
2444		A topless person with a backpack stands in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background.	The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background.
2445		There&#39;s no man cutting a box	A man is cutting a box.
2446		A black dog is sitting on the grass and keeping its mouth shut	A black dog is running in the grass
2447		A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog	The little dog is grabbing the slipper with its mouth
