id	label	premise	hipothesis
1	Entailment	A laughing child is holding a water gun and being splashed with water	A child is holding a water gun
2	Entailment	Men are carefully packing their luggage in the trunk of a car.	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car
3	Entailment	One person has flowing blond hair and is playing guitar	A guitar player has flowing blond hair
4	Entailment	Potatoes are being sliced by a man	The man is slicing the potato
5	Entailment	A truck is speeding down a hill	A truck is speeding down the hill
6	Entailment	A surfer is riding a big wave through the dark green water	A big wave is being surfed by a surfer through the dark green water.
7	Entailment	Three little dogs are smelling something	Three dogs are smelling something
8	Entailment	Some adults are sitting on chairs and are watching the ocean.	Two adults are sitting on chairs and are watching the ocean.
9	Entailment	The cave with pink interior is being climbed by four Middle Eastern children, three girls and a boy.	Four Middle Eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing into the cave with a pink interior.
10	Entailment	The man with a hard hat is dancing	A man with a hard hat is dancing
11	Entailment	A boy and a girl are playing outside the gym	The boy and the girl are playing at outdoor gym
12	Entailment	A young couple is sleeping in bed.	A young couple is lying in bed
13	Entailment	The mound of men is playing rugby in a muddy field	The group of men are playing rugby on a muddy hill.
14	Entailment	Potato is being peeled by a woman	A woman is peeling the potato
15	Entailment	A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep.	A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black car.
16	Entailment	A man in a dyed purple shirt is walking away from a man in a black shirt who is serious	A man in a dyed purple shirt is looking at the man in the black shirt who is making a funny face
17	Entailment	The girl is applying makeup on her face	A girl is applying makeup on her face
18	Entailment	A man is chopping a log with an ax	A man is chopping a log with an ax
19	Entailment	The man is cracking eggs in a bowl	The person is breaking eggs in a bowl
20	Entailment	A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and is playing in a mud puddle	A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a muddy puddle
21	Entailment	The outdoor ice skating rink is full of people	Many people are in an ice skating park
22	Entailment	A rabbit is playing with a stuffed rabbit	A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit
23	Entailment	A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope.	A kitten is playing with a toy.
24	Entailment	A man is playing a flute	A man is playing an instrument
25	Entailment	Two boys are playing on a trampoline	Some boys are playing on the trampoline
26	Entailment	Two dogs are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing each other	Two animals are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing each other
27	Entailment	An onion is being cut by a man	An onion is being sliced by a man
28	Entailment	A man is emptying a plastic container	A man is emptying a container made of plastic
29	Entailment	An animal is running tiredly in circles.	An animal is running in circles.
30	Entailment	A lady is mixing a mixture made of meat in a bowl.	A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.
31	Entailment	A man is riding a horse	A man is riding an animal
32	Entailment	The man is riding a horse near a stream	The man is riding a horse near a current
33	Entailment	A woman is standing on the beach with a dog on a leash.	A woman is standing on the beach with an animal on a leash
34	Entailment	A horse is being ridden by a woman	A woman is riding a horse
35	Entailment	A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot.	The cyclist is not riding on a city street
36	Entailment	The monkey is being trained in martial arts	The monkey is practicing martial arts
37	Entailment	The plane, which is South African, is flying in a blue sky.	A plane is flying through the air
38	Entailment	A dog is jumping on a bright blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves.	An animal is jumping on a bright blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves.
39	Entailment	A lady is standing near three children	A woman is standing near three children
40	Entailment	A dog is running after a ball in the grass	The dog is chasing a ball in the grass
41	Entailment	A wild deer is jumping over a fence	The deer is jumping over a fence
42	Entailment	A small boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face.	A small boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face.
43	Entailment	The old lady is looking forward to the sidewalk	The old lady is waiting on the sidewalk
44	Entailment	A girl is practicing the piano	A girl is playing the piano
45	Entailment	A woman is adding ingredients in a large bowl.	A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl.
46	Entailment	The man is dancing wildly	The man is dancing
47	Entailment	A woman is slicing an eggplant	The woman is cutting a vegetable
48	Entailment	A squirrel is insanely spinning in circles.	A squirrel is running in circles.
49	Entailment	A man is cutting a paper board.	A paper plate is being cut by a man
50	Entailment	The woman is dicing garlic	A woman is slicing garlic
51	Entailment	Two teammates are leading a soccer player in a red and white uniform	A soccer player in red and white uniform is being held up by two teammates
52	Entailment	The sun is shining on the face of the girl in the yellow-dyed dress	The sun is shining on the face of the girl in the yellow dress
53	Entailment	A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game.	A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game
54	Entailment	The man is playing an acoustic guitar	A man is playing the guitar
55	Entailment	A brown dog is jumping in the air	A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air
56	Entailment	A man is carelessly holding a frog	A frog is being carelessly held by a man
57	Entailment	The person is slicing a garlic clove into pieces	A person is slicing a garlic clove into pieces
58	Entailment	The presentation is being attended by a class of students.	The presentation is being attended by a class of students.
59	Entailment	A man is slicing a potato into pieces	A man is cutting a potato into pieces.
60	Entailment	A dog is pushing a small child into a rain puddle	A dog is pushing a small child into a rain puddle
61	Entailment	A woman is shooting a practice target	A woman is shooting a practice target
62	Entailment	The boys are standing in front of the burning car	The boys are standing in front of the burning car
63	Entailment	A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a turn on the track.	A white racing vehicle is going through a puddle
64	Entailment	A soda is being opened and taken by a woman	A woman is opening a soda and drinking
65	Entailment	Orange juice is being drunk by a man who is walking on a sunny day.	A man is drinking orange juice and walking.
66	Entailment	The woman is squeezing juice from a lemon	A woman is squeezing a lemon
67	Entailment	The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on someone else.	A man is breaking a concrete slab with a sledgehammer
68	Entailment	A black dog is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth	A dog, which is black, is running in the grass
69	Entailment	A lonely man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall	A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall.
70	Entailment	A mountain is being climbed by two men	The men are climbing a mountain
71	Entailment	A young child is running outside over some fallen leaves	A young child is running outdoors on the fallen leaves.
72	Entailment	A young child is running down a road made of gravel covered with dead leaves.	A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves.
73	Entailment	The person is writing with a pencil	A person is writing something down with a pencil.
74	Entailment	A man is diving in a pool	A man is diving in the water
75	Entailment	A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor porch	A man is doing a trick with a skateboard.
76	Entailment	A woman is wearing a long black coat and a brown hat and is walking through a park with a lot of blooming trees.	A woman who is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking through a park with many blooming trees.
77	Entailment	A skateboarder is doing tricks on a track.	A man is skateboarding on a track
78	Entailment	A homeless man is holding a sign and is begging mercifully for money.	A homeless house man is holding a sign and begging for money
79	Entailment	A cute panda is lying down	A cute panda is lying down
80	Entailment	Men are fighting their fists in a ring	Men are fighting their fists in a ring
81	Entailment	This group of people are practicing water rescue and wearing life jackets.	Life jackets are being worn by a group of people practicing water rescue
82	Entailment	A man is playing a flute	a man is playing the flute
83	Entailment	A man is slicing a fish	A man is cutting a fish
84	Entailment	Teen girl is wearing beads that are red	A teen girl is wearing beads that are red
85	Entailment	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over the obstacle.	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over an obstacle.
86	Entailment	Two men are holding fishing rods and fishing tackle	Two men are holding fishing rods
87	Entailment	A man is playing a guitar	A man is performing with the guitar
88	Entailment	A man is strumming the guitar	A man is playing the guitar
89	Entailment	The man is slicing a potato	The man is slicing the potato
90	Entailment	A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking	A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in the middle of a conversation
91	Entailment	A wee boy in a striped shirt is slipping out of a green tube	A small boy in a striped shirt is slipping out of a green tube
92	Entailment	A girl is tapping her nails	The girl is tapping her nails
93	Entailment	A baby rhino is walking around a cage with its mother	A small rhino is following an adult rhino
94	Entailment	Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people.	Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
95	Entailment	A man is thinking	The man is thinking
96	Entailment	A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth.	A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth.
97	Entailment	The green field for horse racing is completely full of jockeys	Jockeys are running horses in the field, which is completely green
98	Entailment	A young boy is singing and playing the guitar	A child is singing and playing a guitar
99	Entailment	A woman is standing near three children	A lady is standing near three children
100	Entailment	A dog with caramel coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball	A caramel dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
101	Entailment	A man is riding a mechanical bull.	The man is riding a mechanical bull
102	Entailment	A badger is cunningly digging the earth	The badger is digging a hole
103	Entailment	The woman is frying a breaded pork chop	A woman is cooking empanada pork chop
104	Entailment	A dog is jumping on a trampoline	A dog is jumping on a trampoline
105	Entailment	A man plays a piano at a concert.	A man is playing a piano
106	Entailment	A man is peeling an onion	A man is removing the skin of an onion
107	Entailment	A big dog is climbing a steep hill	A big dog is wildly climbing a steep hill
108	Entailment	Someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood with a drill	A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
109	Entailment	The woman is adding cheese to the sauce	The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
110	Entailment	A bicycle stuntman is in the air near a body of water	A person on a bicycle is in the air near a body of water.
111	Entailment	A young woman is dancing	A young girl is dancing
112	Entailment	A horse is being ridden by a man	A man is riding a horse
113	Entailment	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes	The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
114	Entailment	A woman is peeling a potato	A potato is being peeled by a woman
115	Entailment	A black dog is jumping from a rock in a pond	A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
116	Entailment	A woman is frying some food	A woman is frying food
117	Entailment	A bottle is being licked by the cat	The cat is licking a bottle
118	Entailment	A shirtless man is leading a horse pulling a cart	A shirtless man is driving a cart being pulled by a horse
119	Entailment	A man is playing a flute made of bamboo	The man is playing a flute
120	Entailment	A couple is sitting on a patio and is facing the ocean.	A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean.
121	Entailment	A girl in uniform is playing the flute with a marching band	A girl in uniform is playing the flute with a band
122	Entailment	A man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone and singing	The man on stage is singing into the microphone
123	Entailment	A man is outside and is throwing blades at a nearby target.	A man is outside and is throwing blades at a nearby target
124	Entailment	A man is washing a big steak	A man is washing a large piece of meat.
125	Entailment	A woman is pouring eggs into a frying pan.	A woman is pouring eggs into a pan
126	Entailment	A girl is riding a horse	A horse is being ridden by a girl
127	Entailment	People are rowing and rowing	Some people are sailing and rowing
128	Entailment	Some women are dancing happily	Some women are dancing.
129	Entailment	The woman is dicing onions	The lady is dicing onions
130	Entailment	The man is singing with emotion and playing the guitar	A man is playing the guitar
131	Entailment	A woman is showing a very longhaired dog in a dog show	A very long-haired dog is being displayed by a woman at a dog show
132	Entailment	A woman is frying food	Some foods are being fried by a woman
133	Entailment	A wee girl is driving a toy car	The little girl is driving the toy car
134	Entailment	A man is folding a tortilla	A tortilla is being folded by one person
135	Entailment	The cat is playing with a watermelon	This cat is playing with a watermelon
136	Entailment	Three women are sitting together near fabric walls	Some women are sitting together near fabric walls.
137	Entailment	A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is turning around in a barrel	A cowgirl is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel
138	Entailment	Men are sawing logs	Men are sawing
139	Entailment	An image is being drawn by a man	The person is drawing
140	Entailment	A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood	A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks.
141	Entailment	A man is reading the email	Someone is checking the email
142	Entailment	The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses.	The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses.
143	Entailment	A girl in a blue uniform is quickly raising her arm	A girl in blue uniform is raising her arm
144	Entailment	Someone is standing in a vast glacial ice field	The person is standing on the white ice
145	Entailment	A clown is singing and people are dancing	A song is being played by a clown
146	Entailment	A man snowboarding is jumping through the air	A snowboarder is jumping through the air.
147	Entailment	The potato is being peeled by the lady	A woman is peeling a potato
148	Entailment	Some fish are swimming fast	Some fish are swimming.
149	Entailment	The woman is slicing garlic	The woman is chopping garlic
150	Entailment	A man is wearing a red jacket and standing next to a red canoe on some rocks with water in the background.	A man is wearing a red jacket and standing next to a yellow canoe over boulders with water in the background.
151	Entailment	A boy is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping off a rock	A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping off a rock
152	Entailment	Snowboarder is jumping over from white snow.	A person who is snowboarding is jumping in the air.
153	Entailment	A man with a hat behind is sitting on the floor	A person with a hat behind is sitting on the floor
154	Entailment	A baby rhino is walking around a cage with its mother	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
155	Entailment	A hare is playing with a stuffed rabbit	A rabbit is playing with a stuffed rabbit
156	Entailment	A boy is checking a calendar	The boy is checking a calendar
157	Entailment	A man is dancing on the ceiling.	A person is dancing on the ceiling.
158	Entailment	A small child is splashing water inside a blue kiddie pool	The child is splashing water in a tiny blue pool
159	Entailment	Runners are racing fiercely around the track	Runners are competing in a race.
160	Entailment	The dog is being taken for a walk by the woman	The woman is walking the dog
161	Entailment	A woman is putting two eggs into a pan of water	A woman is boiling eggs
162	Entailment	The man is absently eating a banana near a tree	A man is eating a banana.
163	Entailment	An old woman is shaking hands with a man	A man and a woman are shaking hands.
164	Entailment	An animal is biting a person&#39;s finger	An animal is biting someone&#39;s finger
165	Entailment	A dog is chasing a ball in the grass	The dog is chasing a ball in the grass
166	Entailment	Two men and a girl in front of a wooden wall are making funny faces	Two men and a girl in front of a wooden wall are posing with funny faces
167	Entailment	A man is buttering a slice of bread	A man is buttering a loaf of bread
168	Entailment	A girl is playing a flute	A girl is playing a wind instrument
169	Entailment	An individual is boiling okra in a pan	Someone is boiling okra in a pan
170	Entailment	The man is sprinkling cheese on pizza	Cheese is being put on a pizza by a man
171	Entailment	Someone is playing the guitar	Someone is playing the guitar
172	Entailment	A woman is breading a pork chop	A cook is covering a pork chop
173	Entailment	The man is awkwardly practicing kickboxing with a coach	The man is practicing kickboxing with a coach
174	Entailment	A small boy in red-dyed clothes is jumping in the air	A small boy in red clothes is jumping in the air
175	Entailment	A woman is tapping her fingers nervously.	A woman is tapping her fingers
176	Entailment	A man&#39;s face is being painted by a woman	A woman is painting a man&#39;s face
177	Entailment	A man is crouching in the bush and taking a photograph	A man is crouching in the bush and is taking a picture
178	Entailment	A woman is cutting potatoes	A woman is cutting the potatoes
179	Entailment	An individual is folding a piece of paper.	Someone is folding a piece of paper.
180	Entailment	A young boy is singing and playing the guitar	The guitar is being played by a child
181	Entailment	Eggs are being boiled by the woman	A woman is boiling eggs
182	Entailment	The woman is applying makeup on the man	A man&#39;s face is being painted by a woman
183	Entailment	The man is cautiously operating a shorthand machine	The man is operating a shorthand machine
184	Entailment	The man is standing in the water at the base of the waterfall	A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
185	Entailment	A man is mowing grass	A guy is mowing the lawn
186	Entailment	The man in the suit is standing facing a microphone and singing	The man on stage is singing into the microphone
187	Entailment	Two kids are crouching under some metal bars	Two kids are crouching under some metal bars
188	Entailment	Cowboy in blue and red pants is being hurled by a horse	A horse is flinging the cowboy wearing blue and red pants
189	Entailment	A black dog is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth	A black-haired dog is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth
190	Entailment	A man is playing the keyboard	A musician is playing a keyboard
191	Entailment	An old woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants	The woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
192	Entailment	A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.	A person is cutting some mushrooms
193	Entailment	The black bird with a yellow beak is standing on the green grass	A black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
194	Entailment	A man is slicing bread	A person is slicing a loaf of bread
195	Entailment	The children in one family are playing patiently and waiting	The children of the family are playing and waiting
196	Entailment	A person is peeling a banana	A banana is being peeled by one person
197	Entailment	Two men are fighting	Two men are struggling
198	Entailment	A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog	A dog, which is small and black, is chasing a small brown dog
199	Entailment	A woman is riding on a watercraft	A watercraft is being ridden by a woman
200	Entailment	The boy is checking a calendar	A boy is looking at a calendar
201	Entailment	A child is splashing water in a paddling pool and other boys are playing in the background.	A child is splashing water in a paddling pool and other boys are playing in the background.
202	Entailment	A woman is being carried by a man	A man is carrying a woman
203	Entailment	A man is sharpening a knife	A man is sharpening a gun
204	Entailment	The man in the cowboy hat is walking through a market and putting a hand in his pocket	Man in cowboy hat is walking around the market and putting a hand in his pocket
205	Entailment	Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake	Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake
206	Entailment	The little girl is driving the toy car	A wee girl is driving a toy car
207	Entailment	A person is cutting chili into pieces	The person is not slicing a garlic clove into pieces
208	Entailment	A dog that is furry and black is in the yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.	A dog that is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
209	Entailment	A yellow dog is drinking tap water	Tap water is being drunk by a yellow dog
210	Entailment	A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish	A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish
211	Entailment	A skunk is being held by a person	A person is holding a skunk
212	Entailment	One dog, which is black, and another, which is white, are facing each other in the street.	A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.
213	Entailment	A man is pouring oil into a sautese	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan.
214	Entailment	A man is emptying a container made of plastic	A man is emptying a plastic container
215	Entailment	A white cat perched on a tiny wooden closet is looking out the window.	The cat is looking out the window on the perch table
216	Entailment	A man is playing the keyboard	A person is playing the keyboard
217	Entailment	A cat is eagerly eating corn on the cob	A cat is eating corn on the cob
218	Entailment	A woman is cooking an egg in a sautese	A woman is preparing an egg in a sautese
219	Entailment	It&#39;s snowing on two dogs playing	Two dogs are playing in the snow
220	Entailment	A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another.	One basketball player is on the court floor and another is catching the ball
221	Entailment	A group of boy scouts are walking through the grass	People are walking
222	Entailment	A man is dancing on the road.	A man is dancing
223	Entailment	A man is tying a shoe	A man is tying the shoe
224	Entailment	An onion is being sliced by a woman	A woman is slicing an onion
225	Entailment	Someone is slicing a tomato	The person is slicing a vegetable
226	Entailment	A man is chopping a tree with an ax	A person is felling a tree with an ax.
227	Entailment	A river is being crossed by a dog on a bridge made of a fallen tree.	A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree.
228	Entailment	A woman is playing an electric guitar	A woman is playing an electric guitar
229	Entailment	Two dogs are kidding in the snow	Two dogs are playing in the snow
230	Entailment	A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl.	Chunks of butter are being added to the mixer
231	Entailment	Two dogs run fast through the park	Two dogs are running through the park
232	Entailment	American football player is wearing a red and white sash	An american football player is wearing red and white sash
233	Entailment	A man is running down the road	A man is running
234	Entailment	A cat is playing with a device	The cat is playing with a device
235	Entailment	A boss is cleaning a soup bowl	A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef.
236	Entailment	A woman is chopping garlic	Garlic is being diced by a woman
237	Entailment	A man is massaging a woman	A woman is being massaged by a man
238	Entailment	A man in a red jacket is standing near a yellow kayak on some rocks near the ocean.	A man is wearing a red jacket and standing next to a red canoe on some rocks with water in the background.
239	Entailment	Some cats are playing with each other.	The cats are playing with each other
240	Entailment	Some red and white soccer players are jumping and hugging	Red and white soccer players are jumping and hugging
241	Entailment	A blonde girl is riding waves	A blonde girl is surfing
242	Entailment	Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset	Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset
243	Entailment	A woman is wearing an Egyptian cap	A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head.
244	Entailment	A child is singing and playing a guitar	A child is playing the guitar
245	Entailment	A woman is playing a guitar	A guitar is being played by a woman
246	Entailment	A person is performing stunts on a motorcycle	A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
247	Entailment	Some paper is being cut	The paper is being cut with scissors
248	Entailment	The man is carefully feeding a snake with a mouse	The man is carefully feeding the snake with a mouse
249	Entailment	The presentation is being attended by a class of students.	A classroom is full of students
250	Entailment	People are clustered around a campfire at night	Several people are gathered around the fire at night
251	Entailment	A group of people are sitting relaxed on either side of a red stone monument.	A group of people are sitting on either side of a red stone structure.
252	Entailment	The man is playing an acoustic guitar	The man is playing an acoustic guitar
253	Entailment	A panda is eating a piece of bamboo.	The panda is eating bamboo
254	Entailment	Two dogs are playing happily in the grass	Two dogs are playing together in the grass
255	Entailment	A woman is cutting a white onion	A woman is cutting an onion
256	Entailment	A chef is cooking a meal	A chef is preparing a meal
257	Entailment	a man is playing the flute	A man is playing a flute
258	Entailment	A man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep.	A man and a woman are driving down the road in a car
259	Entailment	The grass is being cut by a man	A man is mowing grass
260	Entailment	Two kids are playing in a statue	Some kids are playing on a statue.
261	Entailment	A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand	A black dog is playing with a brown dog in the sand
262	Entailment	A man is playing a flute	The man is playing the flute
263	Entailment	A white dog and a black dog are running happily side by side in the grass.	A white dog and a black dog are running side by side on the green grass.
264	Entailment	Two dogs are playing in the snow	Two dogs are kidding in the snow
265	Entailment	The food is being fried by a woman	A woman is frying some food
266	Entailment	Man and child are kayaking across calm waters	A man and a child are kayaking through the calm waters
267	Entailment	Someone is feeding an animal	Someone is feeding an animal
268	Entailment	Two brown and white dogs are fighting in a grassy area in front of a tree	Two brown and white dogs are fighting in a grassy area in front of a plant
269	Entailment	A girl is playing a guitar	A guitar is being played by a girl
270	Entailment	An email is being read by a man	A man is reading an email
271	Entailment	A man is removing the skin of an onion	A man is peeling an onion
272	Entailment	A dog is running up a grassy hill	A dog is running uphill
273	Entailment	Kids in swimsuits are playing in the pool	Swimwear kids are playing in the water
274	Entailment	A brown dog is staring intently at a brown and white dog	A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog
275	Entailment	A man in a purple-dyed hat is operating a camera that makes videos.	The man in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
276	Entailment	The man is eating a banana near a tree.	A man is eating a banana.
277	Entailment	A brown dog is carrying a colorful toy in the grass	A colorful toy is being carried by a brown dog in the grass.
278	Entailment	A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage.	A man is getting into a car in a garage
279	Entailment	A bike is being pedaled by one person	A person is riding a bicycle
280	Entailment	People in a drag race are looking at the flames coming out of the cars.	Some people in a drag race are looking at the flames coming out of the cars.
281	Entailment	A black shirt is being worn by a man who is sitting at the table and laughing	A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
282	Entailment	A man with a hard hat is dancing	A man is wearing a protective helmet and dancing.
283	Entailment	A boy is jumping out of the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building	A boy is jumping out of the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building.
284	Entailment	People are sitting at square tables in a red room.	People are sitting at the table in a red room.
285	Entailment	A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn.	A dog is playing in the green grass
286	Entailment	The person on the motorcycle is raising his arm	A person on the motorcycle is raising an arm
287	Entailment	The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house	The girl is wearing a white shirt with a pink skirt and is standing in front of a house
288	Entailment	A woman is cutting butter	A woman is slicing butter
289	Entailment	A man is drinking orange juice and walking.	A person is drinking orange juice and walking
290	Entailment	The man is riding a bull who is mechanical	A man is riding a mechanical bull.
291	Entailment	The boys are chasing each other in the sand	The boys are chasing each other in the sand
292	Entailment	An onion is being sliced by a man	A man is slicing an onion
293	Entailment	A man is doing exercises.	A man is exercising
294	Entailment	A person wearing cycling clothes is standing firmly in front of the mountains.	A person with cycling gear is standing facing some mountains
295	Entailment	A man in a red uniform is quickly jumping on a mountain bike race.	A man in a red uniform is jumping on a mountain bike race
296	Entailment	Two little boys are wearing tuxedos	Two little children are wearing tuxedos
297	Entailment	A man is standing near a large and colorful bird cage.	A man is standing next to a bird cage that is large and colorful.
298	Entailment	The man is doing floor exercises	A man is doing exercises.
299	Entailment	An interview is being granted by the man.	The man is giving an interview
300	Entailment	The dog is biting a few drops of water	The dog is snapping a few drops of water
301	Entailment	A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.	A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.
302	Entailment	A veteran is showing different things from a war to some people.	Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran.
303	Entailment	A woman is peeling the potato	A woman is peeling a potato
304	Entailment	The man is talking on the phone	The man is talking on the phone
305	Entailment	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino	A small rhino is following an adult rhino
306	Entailment	A woman is driving a car and is talking animatedly to the man who is sitting next to her	The woman and the man are traveling by car
307	Entailment	Two little children are playing with a toy car on the street.	Two little kids are playing with a toy car on the street.
308	Entailment	A man is mowing grass	The grass is being cut by a man
309	Entailment	A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and is playing with a brown dog in the grass.	The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
310	Entailment	A motorcyclist in a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving recklessly on the ground and people watch	A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on the ground and people are watching
311	Entailment	Someone is jumping in the air on a board	Someone is jumping in the air on a board
312	Entailment	A yellow shirt hockey player is protecting the goal	The goal is being saved by a yellow team hockey player
313	Entailment	A squirrel is running in circles.	The squirrel is running in circles.
314	Entailment	The man is emerging from a swamp	A man is coming out of the water
315	Entailment	A woman is slicing carrots	Carrots are being cut by a woman
316	Entailment	People are walking down a busy street.	People are walking by a crowd in the street.
317	Entailment	Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are pulling a rope enthusiastically on a wooden platform.	Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are pulling a rope on a wooden platform.
318	Entailment	The man is drawing	A man is drawing
319	Entailment	A woman is riding a horse	A woman is riding an animal
320	Entailment	A woman is frying some food	The food is being fried by a woman
321	Entailment	A young woman is getting a tattoo on her hand	A girl is tattooing her hand
322	Entailment	The blonde girl in the pink blouse is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a big nose attached	The small girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
323	Entailment	A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword.	A man is cutting a cord with a sword.
324	Entailment	Eggs are being cracked in a bowl by the woman	The lady is breaking raw eggs in the bowl
325	Entailment	An onion is being sliced with a knife by the woman	The woman is slicing an onion with a knife
326	Entailment	The brown dog is jumping in the air	A dog is jumping in the air
327	Entailment	A man is dancing in the rain.	A person is dancing in the rain.
328	Entailment	Two large dogs, one light in color and the other dark in color, are rapidly moving across the snowy terrain.	Two large dogs, one light and one dark, are running across the snowy terrain.
329	Entailment	People are walking outside the building that has several murals	Several people stand in front of a colorful building
330	Entailment	A young child dressed in cold weather is standing outside	A young child dressed for the cold weather is standing outside
331	Entailment	The boy is fast riding the tricycle	The boy is riding on a tricycle
332	Entailment	The man is cutting a paper plate	A paper plate is being cut by a man
333	Entailment	The man is pouring sliced cucumbers into cold water	The man is pouring sliced cucumbers into the water
334	Entailment	A group of Asian girls are standing alone.	A group of Asian girls are standing together.
335	Entailment	A boy is playing a keyboard	A boy is practicing keyboard
336	Entailment	A lemur is biting a person&#39;s finger	An animal is biting someone&#39;s finger
337	Entailment	A young boy is playing a wind instrument	A child is playing an instrument
338	Entailment	A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and is playing with a brown-haired dog in the grass.	A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and is playing with a brown dog in the grass.
339	Entailment	A man is lifting bars	The man is lifting weights
340	Entailment	The man is talking on the phone.	The man is talking on the phone
341	Entailment	The men are acting on a stage.	The men are performing on stage.
342	Entailment	A boat is sailing quietly on the water.	A boat is calmly sailing on the water.
343	Entailment	A man is cutting an onion	An onion is being cut by a man
344	Entailment	A young girl in winter coat is jumping from a rock to the sand on the beach.	A young girl in a jacket made for winter is jumping from a rock to the sand on the beach.
345	Entailment	Kids in red shirts are playing in the leaves	Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves
346	Entailment	The piece of paper is being cut	Some paper is being cut
347	Entailment	A girl is playing the piano	A girl is practicing the piano
348	Entailment	A man is petting two dogs	Two dogs are being petted by a man
349	Entailment	A squirrel is running in circles.	A squirrel is running in circles.
350	Entailment	Two bricklayers are sitting beside a palace	Two bricklayers are sitting next to a building
351	Entailment	A young man on a bmx bike is jumping from a pyramid	A cyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
352	Entailment	A bride in a white dress is running	A girl in a white dress is running
353	Entailment	A black skier is getting some air	A skier dressed in black is taking a little breath
354	Entailment	The flute is being played by a woman	A woman is playing the flute
355	Entailment	A cheetah is running fast after its prey	The cheetah is running fast after its prey
356	Entailment	A man is standing at dusk on an almost untouched snowy road that is lit only by headlights.	A man is standing at dusk on an almost untouched snow-covered road that is lit only by headlights.
357	Entailment	A man is slicing potatoes	The man is slicing the potato
358	Entailment	A set of four brown dogs are playing in a brown grass field.	A group of four brown dogs are playing in a brown grass field
359	Entailment	A man is riding a horse on a sandy ground.	A guy is riding a horse
360	Entailment	A baby is talking	A child is talking
361	Entailment	The white dog is running along the snowy trail	A dog is running on a snowy path.
362	Entailment	A man is reading an email	An email is being read by a man
363	Entailment	A woman is slicing a green pepper	The pepper is being sliced by a woman with a knife
364	Entailment	The man is catching a fish	A man is catching a fish
365	Entailment	The group of men are playing rugby on a muddy hill.	The mound of men is playing rugby in a muddy field
366	Entailment	The fish is being fried by a woman	A woman is cooking fish
367	Entailment	A woman is cooking a pork chop that is breaded	A woman is cooking empanada pork chop
368	Entailment	A woman is peeling a potato	A potato is being peeled by a woman
369	Entailment	A large dog is walking outside and holding a colorful toy in its mouth.	The big dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
370	Entailment	The boy on the grass is lying down and is holding the soccer ball between his feet	The soccer ball is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
371	Entailment	A harp is being played by a man	A man is playing a harp
372	Entailment	Two people are standing on a motorcycle	Two people are riding a bike
373	Entailment	A magic trick is being performed by the magician	The man is doing a magic trick
374	Entailment	A child in a red suit is jumping dangerously on a trampoline	A child in red clothes is jumping on a trampoline
375	Entailment	A small child is riding a plastic motorcycle	A small child is playing with a plastic motorcycle
376	Entailment	A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air	A brown dog is jumping in the air
377	Entailment	A man is quickly mincing some mushrooms with a knife	A person is quickly cutting mushrooms with a knife.
378	Entailment	A dog that has white and brown fur is trotting in the shallows	A dog that has brown and white fur is trotting in the shallows
379	Entailment	A light brown dog is running up the street	The light brown dog is running up the street
380	Entailment	A woman is cutting broccoli	Broccoli are being cut by a woman
381	Entailment	A man is riding a horse in the desert	A man is riding a horse on a sandy ground.
382	Entailment	Smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his gloved hands outside the building in the snow	A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his gloved hands outside a snow building
383	Entailment	Rhino is grazing in the grass	An animal is grazing in a field
384	Entailment	A black man is deftly dancing break on the floor	A black man is dancing break on the sidewalk
385	Entailment	A tiny brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk.	A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk
386	Entailment	Some men are playing cricket	Some people are playing cricket
387	Entailment	The woman is riding elephant	The elephant is being ridden by the woman
388	Entailment	The boy is riding a bicycle on top of a metal fence	A cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence
389	Entailment	The man is hammering a nail with a camera	A camera is being hung on the nail by a man
390	Entailment	A woman is using a sewing machine.	A woman is using a sewing machine
391	Entailment	A young child is riding a bicycle on a bumpy dirt track	A young child is riding a bicycle on a bumpy dirt path
392	Entailment	A woman is cracking eggs	A woman is breaking eggs
393	Entailment	A man is talking	A man is talking
394	Entailment	A little white dog is running across the lawn	A white wee dog is running on a lawn
395	Entailment	A man is riding a motorcycle at a motocross-related event.	A person is riding a motorbike at a motocross-related event.
396	Entailment	A woman is absently peeling a potato	A woman is peeling a potato
397	Entailment	A teenage boy is talking to a girl with an internet camera	A teenage boy is talking to a girl with a webcam
398	Entailment	A cat is eagerly eating corn on the cob	A cat is eating some corn
399	Entailment	The woman is stirring meat in a bowl	A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.
400	Entailment	A man is carrying a woman	A woman is being carried by a man
401	Entailment	A woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby	A woman is catching and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms.
402	Entailment	A racket is being held by a tennis player in the middle of the game.	A tennis player in the middle of the game is holding a racket
403	Entailment	The bike is being pedaled by a girl in a weird outfit	A girl in strange clothes is riding the bicycle
404	Entailment	A child in red clothes is jumping on a trampoline	A small boy in red clothes is jumping in the air
405	Entailment	A black dog is playing with a brown dog in the sand	The black dog is playing with the brown dog in the sand
406	Entailment	The men are playing soccer	The men are playing with a ball
407	Entailment	A small girl is playing a grand piano on stage	A little girl is playing the piano
408	Entailment	Two people are wading by the water	A group of people are wading through the water.
409	Entailment	Young boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the water	A young boy in the blue shirt is jumping in the water
410	Entailment	A woman with blond hair is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside	A blonde woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
411	Entailment	The violin is being played by a woman	A woman is playing the violin
412	Entailment	Some old women are talking	Some women are talking
413	Entailment	The girl is carrying a board and is being followed by a group of people.	The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people are following her
414	Entailment	Some people playing soccer are kicking a soccer ball into the goal	Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball in the goal
415	Entailment	A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch
416	Entailment	A woman is slicing a potato	A woman is cutting a potato
417	Entailment	An oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces	Carrot is being sliced by a woman
418	Entailment	Two kids are playing in a statue	Wee kids are climbing a statue in a park
419	Entailment	A man is shooting with a shotgun.	A man is firing a gun
420	Entailment	Four Middle Eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing into the cave with a pink interior.	A group of children are playing in a colorful structure.
421	Entailment	A man is breaking wooden tables with his hand.	A man is breaking planks made of wood with his hands.
422	Entailment	A married couple is walking down the aisle	A married couple is walking down the aisle
423	Entailment	A man is spreading dough	The dough is being stretched by a man
424	Entailment	A woman is vigorously breaking two eggs in a bowl.	A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
425	Entailment	A man is talking	A man is talking
426	Entailment	The man is lifting dumbbells	A man is lifting bars
427	Entailment	A man is standing next to a bird cage that is large and colorful.	A man is standing near a large and colorful bird cage.
428	Entailment	A song is being played by a clown	A clown is singing
429	Entailment	A young girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking lot.	A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk near a parking lot
430	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	A man is playing a guitar
431	Entailment	A white dog is standing on a grassy hill	A white dog is standing on a grassy slope
432	Entailment	The man is austerely playing a piano	The man is playing a piano
433	Entailment	A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground.	A white dog is standing on top of fallen leaves.
434	Entailment	Boy is mowing the sidewalk grass with scissors	A child is mowing grass with scissors
435	Entailment	A man is breaking a concrete block with a sledgehammer	A man is breaking a concrete slab with a sledgehammer
436	Entailment	The little dog is running and the person who owns it is trying to catch him	A small dog is running and its owner is trying to catch it.
437	Entailment	A man is sitting on the floor in a room and is strumming a guitar	A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
438	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	Someone is playing the guitar
439	Entailment	A blonde girl is suspended by gymnastic ropes	A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes
440	Entailment	The man is playing the piano in a fun way with his nose	A man is touching the keyboard with his nose
441	Entailment	The red fantasy woman is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument	A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument
442	Entailment	The group of men are playing rugby on a muddy hill.	Rugby is being played by some men
443	Entailment	A black dog is standing in the shallow	A dog with black coat is standing in the shallow
444	Entailment	A man is speedily chopping some mushrooms with a knife	A man is quickly mincing some mushrooms with a knife
445	Entailment	Some people are singing	People are singing
446	Entailment	A woman is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush	A person is rubbing a zucchini
447	Entailment	A dog is near the red ball in the air	A dog stands near a red-colored ball that is in the air.
448	Entailment	A man is participating in a bmxs race	A man is participating in a bmx race
449	Entailment	A cat is eating corn on the cob	A cat is eating some corn
450	Entailment	A little child is greedily drinking water from the cup.	A little child is drinking water from the cup.
451	Entailment	A guy is playing excitedly with a sock ball	The man is not playing the piano
452	Entailment	A brown dog is running across the tall green grass	A brown dog is running through the grass that is tall and green
453	Entailment	The man is talking on the telephone handset	The man is talking on the phone
454	Entailment	A potato is being sliced by man	The man is slicing the potato
455	Entailment	A man is holding an electronic device.	A person is holding an electronic device.
456	Entailment	One man is climbing a rocky wall and another man is holding a rope.	One man is climbing a wall made of stone and another man is holding the rope
457	Entailment	The man is playing a harp	A man is playing a harp
458	Entailment	An aircraft is taking off	A plane is taking off
459	Entailment	A man is riding a horse on the beach	A guy is riding a horse
460	Entailment	A biker is wearing a gear that is black	One person riding a bicycle is wearing equipment that is black
461	Entailment	A man is standing at dusk on an almost untouched snow-covered road that is lit only by headlights.	A man is standing at dusk on an almost untouched snowy road that is lit only by headlights.
462	Entailment	The fish is being fried by a woman	A woman is frying fish
463	Entailment	A kitten is playing with a blue toy rope	The little cat is playing with a toy
464	Entailment	A person is cutting an onion	A person is slicing an onion
465	Entailment	Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball in the goal	A soccer player is scoring a goal
466	Entailment	A man is standing in a black jeep on a dirt hill	A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep.
467	Entailment	Jockeys are running horses in the field, which is completely green	Jockeys are riding horses in the field, which is completely green
468	Entailment	A tiger is wandering aimlessly	A tiger is walking aimlessly
469	Entailment	A lemur is eating fast.	A lemur is eating
470	Entailment	A man is buttering a loaf of bread	A man is buttering a slice of bread
471	Entailment	The skewers are being placed on a shelf by a woman	A woman is putting skewers on a shelf.
472	Entailment	A man is coming out of the water	A person is getting out of the water
473	Entailment	A woman is firing a rifle	A woman is firing a gun
474	Entailment	Men are fighting their fists in a ring	Men are fighting their fists in a ring
475	Entailment	Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city	Some people and cars are on a crowded street.
476	Entailment	A pizza is being eaten by a man	A man is eating some food
477	Entailment	A woman is cutting broccoli	A woman is cutting vegetables
478	Entailment	A woman is practicing with a flute	A woman is playing the flute
479	Entailment	The woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby	A woman is catching and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms.
480	Entailment	A man is standing on top of a roof and playing a violin	A man is standing on the roof top and is playing a violin
481	Entailment	A man is cutting a fish	A fish is being cut by a man
482	Entailment	A woman is taking off a very large cloak and revealing a fancy dress	One woman is taking off a very large cloak and revealing extravagant clothes
483	Entailment	A woman is cutting a carrot	A woman is slicing a carrot
484	Entailment	Adults and children are standing and playing in front of a staircase near a wooded area	Standing adults and children are playing in front of steps near a wooded area
485	Entailment	A person is being kicked by a monkey	A monkey is kicking a person
486	Entailment	Two guys are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands.	Two men are sitting around a table holding beers in their hands.
487	Entailment	A man is wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding down a street on a unicycle.	A man is wearing a blue long-sleeved shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle on a street.
488	Entailment	A boy is being knocked over by the dog	The dog is pushing a boy into the water
489	Entailment	A little dog is playing tirelessly on the green grass.	A small dog is playing in the green grass
490	Entailment	A wee cat is opening a plastic cabinet with its paws and jumping in.	A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
491	Entailment	The man is playing a game on the lawn.	The man is playing a game on the grass.
492	Entailment	A piano is being played by someone	Someone is playing a piano
493	Entailment	A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with his own hands.	A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with his bare hands.
494	Entailment	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch	A man is kicking a ball
495	Entailment	A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game	A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game.
496	Entailment	A woman is peeling a potato	A woman is peeling a potato
497	Entailment	A topless person with a backpack stands in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background.	One person, who is topless and with a backpack, stands in front of a pile of rocks and clouds in the background.
498	Entailment	A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his gloved hands outside a snow building	A young child dressed for the cold weather is standing outside
499	Entailment	A man is picking a tree	A man is carrying a tree.
500	Entailment	A young couple is lying in bed	A couple is lying together in a bed
501	Entailment	People are clustered around a campfire at night	Several people are sitting around a campfire at night
502	Entailment	A young man with brown hair and dark glasses is sitting in front of some soda cans	A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some soda cans
503	Entailment	A clown is singing	A song is being played by a clown
504	Entailment	A tiger is walking around	A tiger is roaming around
505	Entailment	A girl in uniform is playing the flute with a marching band	A girl in a band is playing the flute
506	Entailment	A yellow dog is running down a sandy path	A yellow dog is running down a sandy path
507	Entailment	A topless woman is being smeared with a brown substance and the crowd is blurred in the background.	A woman is being smeared with a brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background.
508	Entailment	A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling	A cat is thrown on the ceiling by one person
509	Entailment	Three kids are running down the grassy slope	Three kids are running down the hill
510	Entailment	A person playing soccer is running to a judge who carries a soccer ball	A soccer player is passing a judge carrying a soccer ball
511	Entailment	A kitten is drinking fresh milk.	A little cat is drinking fresh milk
512	Entailment	Different teams are playing soccer on the field	Different teams are playing soccer on the field
513	Entailment	A young child is standing in front of some trees.	A young-looking child is standing in front of some trees
514	Entailment	Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool	An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two children in a swimming pool.
515	Entailment	A man is reading the email	Someone is reading the email
516	Entailment	The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses.	The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a person in a white shirt and sunglasses.
517	Entailment	A tattoo is being drawn on a teenager&#39;s hand by the woman in the white sweater	The woman with a white sweater is getting a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
518	Entailment	The woman is catching a kangaroo baby	The woman is catching the kangaroo
519	Entailment	A surfer is catching a big wave	The surfer is riding a big wave
520	Entailment	A woman is frying something in a frying pan	A woman is cooking something in a frying pan.
521	Entailment	A man is playing an acoustic guitar.	A man is playing an acoustic guitar
522	Entailment	A group of Asian girls are standing together.	The group of asian girls are standing together
523	Entailment	A person is slicing mushrooms	A person is cutting some mushrooms
524	Entailment	A woman is holding and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms.	The woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby
525	Entailment	A cat is sliding upside down on a couch	An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture
526	Entailment	The man is slicing a tomato	A man is slicing a tomato
527	Entailment	A man is riding a horse	A horse is being ridden by a man
528	Entailment	A man and a boy are standing under an outdoor stairs	The man and the boy are standing under the stairs, which is outdoors
529	Entailment	A horse is being mounted in a creek by a man	The man is riding a horse near a stream
530	Entailment	A man is intensely playing a guitar	The man is intensely playing the guitar
531	Entailment	The man is slicing potatoes	The man is slicing some potatoes
532	Entailment	A man is riding dangerously on a motorcycle through a city	A man is riding a motorcycle
533	Entailment	The person is flying through the air on the bike	The person is flying through the air on a bicycle.
534	Entailment	A black-haired dog is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth	A black dog is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth
535	Entailment	Two people are kissing passionately near a crowd	Two people are kissing near a crowd
536	Entailment	Jockeys are riding horses in the field, which is completely green	Jockeys are running horses in the field, which is completely green
537	Entailment	People are singing	Some people are singing
538	Entailment	A man is riding a motorcycle	This man is riding a motorcycle
539	Entailment	A dirty caramel dog is rolling in the dirt and looking straight into the camera.	A dog is playing on the floor
540	Entailment	A brown and white dog is jumping on the sidewalk	A brown and white animal is jumping on the sidewalk
541	Entailment	A blonde child is sliding down a slide and throwing his arms up	A blonde child is sliding down a slide and raising her arms
542	Entailment	A man is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water.	A person is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
543	Entailment	A woman is using a sewing machine.	A woman is sewing with a machine
544	Entailment	A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.	A person is slicing mushrooms
545	Entailment	The pepper is being sliced by a woman with a knife	The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
546	Entailment	The man is walking happily in the forest	The man is climbing in the woods
547	Entailment	The lion is tired walking anxiously in the cage.	A lion is walking slowly
548	Entailment	A small boy is proudly wearing a green football shirt and is running on the grass.	A small boy is wearing a green football shirt and running on the grass.
549	Entailment	An old man and woman are riding a bicycle on the boardwalk near the ocean	An older man and woman are riding a bicycle on the boardwalk near the water
550	Entailment	A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks	A seabird is flying over some rocks
551	Entailment	Carrots are being cut by a woman	A woman is slicing carrots
552	Entailment	The group of asian girls are standing together	A group of Asian girls are standing together.
553	Entailment	A boy is happily playing a piano	A boy is playing the piano excitedly
554	Entailment	A man is using a knife to open a box.	A man is opening a box with a knife.
555	Entailment	The person is flying through the air on a bicycle.	The person is flying through the air on the bike
556	Entailment	A cold cyclist is celebrating	Something is being celebrated by a cold cyclist
557	Entailment	A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall.	A lonely man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall
558	Entailment	An old man with a beard that is gray is riding a bicycle	An old man with a gray beard is riding a bicycle
559	Entailment	A little guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the ground.	A guinea pig is eating a carrot
560	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	The man is playing the guitar
561	Entailment	A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan	A cat is swinging on a fan
562	Entailment	People are walking	Some people are walking
563	Entailment	The bride and groom are leaving after the wedding	The bride and groom are leaving after the wedding
564	Entailment	A brown and black dog is running through the leaves	Some brown and black dog is running through the leaves
565	Entailment	Two men are standing together and one is looking through binoculars.	Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them
566	Entailment	The black dog is walking through the tall grass	The black dog is not running through the grass
567	Entailment	A lot of guys are on the coast	A lot of people are on the coast
568	Entailment	A white dog is standing on a grassy slope	A white dog is standing on a grassy hill
569	Entailment	A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.	The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
570	Entailment	A man is doing a bike trick in midair	The cyclist is performing a trick in the air.
571	Entailment	A dog with golden fur is in the water	A golden-haired dog is in the water
572	Entailment	Two young small girls are sitting on the floor	Two girls are sitting on the floor
573	Entailment	A person is standing dangerously on white ice.	The person is standing on the white ice
574	Entailment	The big dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth	A large dog is walking outside and holding a colorful toy in its mouth.
575	Entailment	A cyclist is holding a bicycle over his head in a group of people.	A bicycle is being held by a cyclist over his head in a group of people.
576	Entailment	A woman is frying food	The food is being fried by a woman
577	Entailment	A naked lady is walking in front of several people with body painting.	A naked lady is walking in front of a crowd with body painting
578	Entailment	Two oversized people are sitting on the park bench and they have a soda bottle between them	Two big people are sitting on a park bench and they have a soda bottle between them
579	Entailment	A potato is being peeled by a woman	A woman is peeling a potato
580	Entailment	The black dog is walking through the tall grass	A black dog is walking through some tall grass
581	Entailment	This man is riding a motorcycle	A man is riding a motorcycle
582	Entailment	A woman is shooting a practice target	A woman is shooting a practice target
583	Entailment	Two kids are looking over a rusty railing	Two kids are peering over a rusty ledge
584	Entailment	Some swimmers are competing in a lake	Swimmers are competing in a lake
585	Entailment	People are sitting aimlessly on a bench in front of a restaurant.	People are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant.
586	Entailment	Some men are running in a race.	The men are running a race
587	Entailment	A woman is cutting an onion	A woman is not cutting meat
588	Entailment	A man is cutting a rope with a sword.	A man is cutting a cord with a sword.
589	Entailment	People are on a sandy beach near the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day.	People are on a sandy beach near the ocean and are enjoying sunny day.
590	Entailment	A person is slicing some onions	Some onions are being cut by one person
591	Entailment	The woman is cooking eggs	The woman is cooking something
592	Entailment	A big dog is wildly climbing a steep hill	A big dog is climbing a steep hill
593	Entailment	The woman is slicing an onion with a knife	An onion is being sliced with a knife by the woman
594	Entailment	The man is riding a mechanical bull	The man is riding a bull who is mechanical
595	Entailment	A girl is waking up	A child is waking up
596	Entailment	A tiny guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the ground.	A guinea pig is eating a carrot
597	Entailment	A man is having lunch	A man is eating
598	Entailment	A man and a woman are walking through the woods together	A man and a woman walk through wooded areas together
599	Entailment	A little dog is lying in a bed	A wee dog is lying in bed
600	Entailment	Someone is playing the piano	A person is playing a keyboard
601	Entailment	A blond boy in green is sitting on a swing	A blonde child in green is sitting on a swing
602	Entailment	The group of men are playing rugby on a muddy hill.	Some men are playing rugby.
603	Entailment	A woman in a black shirt is sitting next to a green fluorescent bag	A woman in a dyed black shirt is sitting next to a green fluorescent bag
604	Entailment	Two dogs on the lawn are playing with a plastic toy	Two dogs in the grass are playing with a plastic toy
605	Entailment	The puppy is playing with a container made of plastic.	The dog is playing with a plastic container
606	Entailment	A man on a bike is riding on a lonely wheel	A man is riding a bicycle with one wheel
607	Entailment	The man is putting chicken in the container	A man is putting food in a container
608	Entailment	A talented man is playing the guitar	A man is playing a guitar
609	Entailment	Carrots are being grated by a woman	A woman is grating carrots
610	Entailment	A man is driving a car.	A car is being driven by a man
611	Entailment	A white dog is standing on top of fallen leaves.	A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground.
612	Entailment	Runners are running in a competition.	Runners are competing in a race.
613	Entailment	A man is turning on the microwave	The buttons of a microwave are being pressed by a man
614	Entailment	A band is playing on a stage.	A band is performing on stage
615	Entailment	Two boys are on the couch playing games on the television	Two boys are playing a video game
616	Entailment	A cow is eating grass	A cow is not eating hay
617	Entailment	A chubby-faced boy is wearing sunglasses	A chubby face boy is wearing sunglasses
618	Entailment	The lady is breaking an egg in a bowl	The lady is breaking an egg in a plate
619	Entailment	An old man is sitting in a field	A man is sitting in a field
620	Entailment	A young girl is standing on one leg with difficulty	A young girl is standing on one leg
621	Entailment	A dog is pushing a small child into a rain puddle	A dog is pushing a small child into a rain puddle
622	Entailment	Two kids and an adult are standing next to a tree branch	Three people are standing beside a tree branch
623	Entailment	A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk.	A woman is tapping her fingers
624	Entailment	The drums are being played by man	A man is playing the drums
625	Entailment	Some bamboo is being eaten by a panda bear	The panda is eating bamboo
626	Entailment	The woman is cracking eggs in a bowl	The lady is breaking raw eggs in the bowl
627	Entailment	Vegetables are being sliced by a man.	The man is slicing vegetables
628	Entailment	Three men and one woman are posing for a photo	One woman and three men are posing for the picture.
629	Entailment	Adults and children are being grouped near outdoor seating.	Adults and children are being gathered near outdoor seating
630	Entailment	An egg is being cracked in a bowl by a woman	A woman is breaking an egg in a bowl
631	Entailment	A boy is talking with a leaf	A young man is talking with a leaf
632	Entailment	Some men are playing rugby.	Rugby is being played by some men
633	Entailment	Something is being fried by a woman	A woman is frying something
634	Entailment	A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk.	A woman is tapping her fingers on a table.
635	Entailment	A young girl is looking at a fantasy woman	A small girl is looking at a fantasy woman
636	Entailment	A young lady is measuring another woman&#39;s ankle	You are measuring another woman&#39;s ankle
637	Entailment	Some men in a competition are running abroad.	Some men in a competition are running outdoors.
638	Entailment	A group of people are near the ocean.	A crowd of people are near the water.
639	Entailment	Snowboarder jumps in the air	A person who is snowboarding is jumping in the air.
640	Entailment	A big dog and a little dog are standing by the kitchen counter and sniffing around.	A big dog and a little dog are standing by the kitchen counter and are investigating.
641	Entailment	A man is playing the piano	The piano is being played by a man
642	Entailment	A person is stupidly throwing a cat at the ceiling.	A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling
643	Entailment	A woman and three men are posing motionless for a photo.	Three men and one woman are posing for a photo
644	Entailment	A man is prancing on a mountain bike	A man on a bike is riding on a lonely wheel
645	Entailment	A man is showing a wee monkey	A man is holding a small animal in one hand.
646	Entailment	A woman in a purple blouse is riding a bicycle between two stone columns.	A woman in purple clothes is taking a bicycle between two stone columns
647	Entailment	A man is recklessly climbing a rope	A man is climbing upwards on a rope.
648	Entailment	The paper is being cut with scissors	Someone is cutting some paper with scissors
649	Entailment	Two boys are playing a video game	A couple of boys are playing a video game
650	Entailment	A musician is playing a keyboard	A man is playing the keyboard
651	Entailment	South African plane is flying in the blue sky	A plane is flying through the air
652	Entailment	Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people.	The women are singing and dancing
653	Entailment	A man is touching the keyboard with his nose	The keyboard is being touched with the nose by a man
654	Entailment	Some ferrets are climbing shelf below	Ferrets are climbing shelf below
655	Entailment	A person is driving a jet ski in the waves.	The person is jet skiing in the waves
656	Entailment	The woman is walking the dog	The dog is being taken for a walk by the woman
657	Entailment	The man is practicing the guitar	The person is practicing playing the guitar
658	Entailment	A young oriental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel	A young oriental girl is standing above the people and is playing with a pinwheel
659	Entailment	The man is cutting the tape in the box	A man is cutting the tape in the box
660	Entailment	A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves.	A young child is running down a road made of gravel covered with dead leaves.
661	Entailment	A woman is talking on a telephone device	A woman is talking on a telephone
662	Entailment	The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses.	The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses.
663	Entailment	Two little kids are eating curled up in a cart that is very tiny	Two young children are eating rolls
664	Entailment	The boy is mowing the grass near the sidewalk with scissors	Boy is mowing the sidewalk grass with scissors
665	Entailment	A man on a motorcycle is riding on a wheel.	A person is performing stunts on a motorcycle
666	Entailment	Men are carefully packing their luggage in the trunk of a car.	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car
667	Entailment	Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field near the road	Five people are standing on the grass with three dogs
668	Entailment	A man is dancing	Some man is dancing
669	Entailment	A woman is dipping a pitu in the batter	A woman is dipping a shrimp in the batter
670	Entailment	A woman is slicing a carrot	Carrot is being sliced by a woman
671	Entailment	The lady is breaking an egg in a bowl	The person is breaking eggs in a bowl
672	Entailment	The man is carefully feeding the snake with a mouse	A man is feeding a mouse to the snake.
673	Entailment	Some man is standing on top of rocks with clouds behind	A man is standing on top of the rocks with clouds behind.
674	Entailment	Men are sawing	Some men are sawing.
675	Entailment	The woman is making holes in the potato	The woman is sticking a potato
676	Entailment	A man is mixing the contents of a bowl.	The contents of a bowl are being mixed by a man.
677	Entailment	The boy is checking a calendar	A boy is checking a calendar
678	Entailment	A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling	A cat is thrown on the ceiling by one person
679	Entailment	A man is opening a door.	A door is being opened by a man.
680	Entailment	The dog is walking along a bridge made by a trunk over the water	A tree is falling over a bridge made over a river a dog is crossing
681	Entailment	The brown dog is running in the snow	A brown dog is running in the snow
682	Entailment	A man is pouring oil into a sautese	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan
683	Entailment	A dog is running across a field and chasing a ball	A dog is running towards a toy
684	Entailment	A woman is frying fish	Fish is being cooked by a woman
685	Entailment	A man on a motorcycle is turning a corner	A man on a motorcycle is around the corner
686	Entailment	A man is playing a bamboo flute	The man is playing a flute
687	Entailment	Someone is typing on a keyboard	Someone is typing on the keyboard
688	Entailment	A boy is studying a calendar	A boy is staring at a calendar
689	Entailment	The young child is riding a three-wheeled motorcycle on the sidewalk	A small child is riding a plastic motorcycle
690	Entailment	A guy is playing excitedly with a sock ball	A guy is playing excitedly with the sock ball
691	Entailment	The man is singing and playing the guitar	A man is playing a guitar
692	Entailment	The woman is dicing onions	A woman is cutting an onion
693	Entailment	Adults and children are being gathered near outdoor seating	Adults and children are being grouped near outdoor seating.
694	Entailment	A squirrel is running around in circles.	An animal is running around in circles
695	Entailment	Two teams are enthusiastically playing field soccer	Two teams are playing field soccer
696	Entailment	A cat is eating some corn	The cat is eating some corn
697	Entailment	A man is spitting	A person is spitting
698	Entailment	The onion is being cut by man	An onion is being cut by a man
699	Entailment	A pair of white dogs are running and jumping along a beach.	Two dogs are playing on the beach
700	Entailment	A man is riding a motorcycle around the city	A man is riding a motorcycle
701	Entailment	A white dog with beige spots is running across a field.	A white dog with beige spots is shooting across a field.
702	Entailment	A man on a motorcycle is riding on a wheel.	A man on a motorcycle is doing a trick.
703	Entailment	You are measuring another woman&#39;s ankle	A woman is being measured by another woman
704	Entailment	The black dog is shooting through the grass	The black dog is running through the grass
705	Entailment	A man in a team shirt is burying a ball in a basketball game	The ball is being buried by a man in a team shirt at a basketball game.
706	Entailment	A man doing exercises is being knocked over	A man is doing exercises.
707	Entailment	A woman is frying food	A woman is frying some food
708	Entailment	A plane flies fast through the air	A plane is flying through the air
709	Entailment	A woman who is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking through a park with many blooming trees.	A woman is wearing a long black coat and a brown hat and is walking through a park with a lot of blooming trees.
710	Entailment	A young man on a bmx bike is jumping from a brickwork pyramid	A young man on a bmx bike is jumping from a pyramid
711	Entailment	A dog is running on the beach	A dog is running on the sea coast
712	Entailment	A small boy is playing the guitar	A guitar is being played by a boy
713	Entailment	A boy is playing on a toy phone	A boy is playing in a toy
714	Entailment	A soccer player is wearing black armbands	A person playing soccer is wearing black armbands
715	Entailment	A room full of students is watching intently in the same direction within a bamboo structure.	A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction within a bamboo structure.
716	Entailment	Rugby is being played by some men	Some men are playing rugby.
717	Entailment	A chimpanzee is aggressively kicking the target	A monkey is angrily kicking a target
718	Entailment	The woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby	A woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby
719	Entailment	A band is playing on stage.	A band is performing on stage
720	Entailment	A young woman with Indian clothes and henna in her hand is going through red tape	A girl with Indian clothes and henna in her hand is going through red tape
721	Entailment	Someone is playing the piano	The piano is being played by someone
722	Entailment	A person is slicing an onion	A person is cutting an onion
723	Entailment	Two dogs in the grass are playing with a plastic toy	Two dogs on the lawn are playing with a plastic toy
724	Entailment	A person is playing a keyboard	A keyboard is being played by one person
725	Entailment	Cheese is being put on a pizza by a man	The man is sprinkling cheese on pizza
726	Entailment	A woman is walking the dog on the street	The woman is walking a dog down the street
727	Entailment	A man is playing a child in the pool that is near the ocean	The man is playing a child inside a pool that is near the ocean
728	Entailment	A man is cutting a potato	A potato is being cut by a man
729	Entailment	A potato is being peeled by a woman	The lady is peeling the potato
730	Entailment	Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them	Some young men are paralyzed and a car is exploding behind them
731	Entailment	A woman is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush	A person is rubbing a zucchini
732	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar passionately	A man is playing the guitar
733	Entailment	A group of children are playing in a colorful structure.	A group of children are playing in a structure that is colorful.
734	Entailment	The woman is cleaning a shrimp	Someone is cleaning an animal
735	Entailment	The panda is eating bamboo	A panda is eating a piece of bamboo.
736	Entailment	A little child is showing excitement on a set of swings in the park.	A wee child is showing enthusiasm on a set of swings in the park.
737	Entailment	The man is walking along a track by nature	The man is walking a path through nature
738	Entailment	A person on a bicycle is jumping through the air and the sun is shining through the bicycle frame.	The person is flying through the air on a bicycle.
739	Entailment	A dog is jumping on a trampoline	A dog is jumping on a trampoline
740	Entailment	Some people who play rugby are facing each other	Rugby players are facing each other
741	Entailment	Three boys are jumping off a platform	Some boys are jumping off a platform.
742	Entailment	A woman is chopping onion	A woman is chopping onions
743	Entailment	A wee boy is playing with a dog	The wee boy is playing with the dog
744	Entailment	A man and a woman are running together and holding hands.	A couple is running towards the ocean
745	Entailment	A man is cutting tomatoes	A man is slicing tomatoes
746	Entailment	The woman is playing a guitar that is electric	The woman is playing an electric guitar
747	Entailment	The girl is trotting on the horse	A girl is riding a horse
748	Entailment	A horse is flinging the cowboy wearing blue and red pants	Cowboy in blue and red pants is being hurled by a horse
749	Entailment	The lady is breaking raw eggs in the bowl	The woman is cracking eggs in a bowl
750	Entailment	A person is pouring chopped vegetables into a pan on the stove	Chopped vegetables are being poured into a pan on the stove by one person
751	Entailment	The group of people are sitting on a ledge that is rocky and a scenic view is behind them.	The group of people are sitting on the edge of a rock and a scenic view is behind them.
752	Entailment	A soccer game is being watched by the crowd	The crowd is watching a soccer game
753	Entailment	A woman is playing a flute	The woman is playing the flute
754	Entailment	A person is riding on an old motorcycle	A person is riding a motorcycle
755	Entailment	A boy in a red T-shirt stands in front of a long, blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera.	A boy in a red shirt stands in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera.
756	Entailment	The lady is dicing onions	The woman is dicing onions
757	Entailment	A woman in a blue-and-white uniform with a white-and-blue hat is holding her mouth open and standing close to other people dressed in the same way.	Woman wearing blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is close to others who are dressed alike.
758	Entailment	A young girl in blue colored leotard is jumping in the air	A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
759	Entailment	A bicycle is being pedaled on the road by a young boy in a helmet	A young boy in a helmet is riding a bicycle on the road
760	Entailment	The woman is cracking eggs in a bowl	The lady is breaking an egg in a bowl
761	Entailment	Two people dressed in green and red costumes are standing outside on the sidewalk	Two people dressed in green and red costumes are standing near the street
762	Entailment	The man in the cowboy hat is walking through a market and putting a hand in his pocket	A man in a hat is walking through a store.
763	Entailment	A small boy with brown hair is jumping from the brown chair to the floor.	The small boy with brown hair is jumping from a brown chair to the floor
764	Entailment	The man is erasing the drawing on the board	The man is cleaning the chalkboard drawing
765	Entailment	A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the tall man in pants	A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants
766	Entailment	A man is slicing an onion	An onion is being cut by a man
767	Entailment	The eastern lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin	An oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces
768	Entailment	A singer is playing the guitar at an acoustic concert for a woman	A person is playing a guitar and singing
769	Entailment	A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue jacket	A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue dyed coat
770	Entailment	Two men are walking two dogs with golden fur in the snow	Two people are walking two dogs with golden fur in the snow
771	Entailment	The drums are being played by man	The man is playing the drums
772	Entailment	The cave with pink interior is being climbed by four Middle Eastern children, three girls and a boy.	A group of children are playing in a colorful structure.
773	Entailment	The dog with the black coat is walking along a tree trunk bridge over the water.	The dog is walking along a bridge made by a trunk over the water
774	Entailment	A little monkey is walking in the river	A little monkey is walking by the water
775	Entailment	A man is pouring a plate of grated cheese into a sauce pan	A man is pouring a plate of cheese that is grated into a sauce pan
776	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	A man is playing the instrument
777	Entailment	Some brown and black dog is running through the leaves	A brown and black dog is running through the leaves
778	Entailment	The man is singing and playing the guitar	A man is performing with the guitar
779	Entailment	A woman is dancing and singing in the rain.	A woman is performing in the rain
780	Entailment	The white dogs are looking curiously at the black llama	The white dogs are looking at the black llama
781	Entailment	A small girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert.	Little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
782	Entailment	One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff above the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping from there into the water.	One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water.
783	Entailment	Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them	Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars
784	Entailment	A girl is communicating with sign language	A girl is using sign language
785	Entailment	A young man is talking with a leaf	A boy is talking with a leaf
786	Entailment	A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field	A cheetah is running fast after its prey
787	Entailment	A girl is jumping in a car	A girl is jumping in the car
788	Entailment	A woman is pulling a sticky goo out of a bowl	Some sticky slime is being taken from a bowl by a woman
789	Entailment	Two men are talking	Two people are talking
790	Entailment	Hay is being eaten by a cow	A cow is eating hay
791	Entailment	A woman is frying fish	The fish is being fried by a woman
792	Entailment	A brown dog is running in the snow	The brown dog is running in the snow
793	Entailment	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan	Oil is being poured into a sautese by a man
794	Entailment	A woman is mixing eggs	A woman is amalgamating eggs
795	Entailment	A man is putting garlic on some bread slices	A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
796	Entailment	An onion is being cut by a man	A man is slicing an onion
797	Entailment	A cheetah is running fast after its prey	A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
798	Entailment	The white dog wearing reindeer ears is next to a brown dog	The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
799	Entailment	A cat is playing a piano	A cat is playing keyboards
800	Entailment	A man in a pose is being playfully assisted by another man	A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
801	Entailment	Two little-looking boys in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpet floor	Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
802	Entailment	Someone is peeling a banana	Someone is peeling a banana
803	Entailment	A caramel dog is running through the snow	A dog, which is caramel, is crossing the snow
804	Entailment	The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people are following her	The girl is carrying a board and is being followed by a group of people.
805	Entailment	A man is chopping a tree with an ax	A man is felling a tree with an ax.
806	Entailment	A young boy is playing in the park with his mother	A young old boy is playing in the park with his mother
807	Entailment	The woman is breaking two eggs inside a glass bowl	An egg is being cracked in a bowl by a woman
808	Entailment	A person is playing the trumpet	A trumpet is being played by one person
809	Entailment	A child is smiling at the camera and swimming under the water	A child is smiling at the camera and swimming under water
810	Entailment	A camera is being hung on the nail by a man	The man is hammering a nail with a camera
811	Entailment	Five kids are standing together and one child has a pistol	Five kids are standing together and one child has a gun
812	Entailment	A little oil is being poured over the tomatoes by a man	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes
813	Entailment	The person is quickly slicing a vegetable	The person is slicing a vegetable
814	Entailment	The woman is walking a dog down the street	A woman is walking the dog on the street
815	Entailment	A cat is thrown on the ceiling by one person	A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling
816	Entailment	An onion is being sliced by one person	A person is slicing an onion
817	Entailment	The man and the woman are walking through the woods	A man and a woman are walking through the woods
818	Entailment	Two young boys are eating rolls	Two young boys are eating rolls
819	Entailment	A woman is exercising	A person is exercising
820	Entailment	A band is performing on stage	A band is playing on stage.
821	Entailment	Man is making a handstand in the wet sand at the water&#39;s edge on the beach.	Man is making a handstand on the wet shore at the water&#39;s edge on the beach.
822	Entailment	The eastern lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin	A woman is slicing a carrot
823	Entailment	Two bmx cyclists are jumping off ramps in front of the water	Some cyclists are flying over the track near the water and the skyline.
824	Entailment	A black dog is walking across a rocky terrain	A black dog is moving along a rocky terrain.
825	Entailment	A boy is looking at a calendar	A boy is studying a calendar
826	Entailment	A person on a bicycle is jumping through the air and the sun is beautifully illuminating the bicycle frame.	The person is flying through the air on a bicycle.
827	Entailment	A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard.	The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
828	Entailment	A woman is casting a shadow	The woman is putting on makeup
829	Entailment	A boy next to some rag buckets is holding something	A boy next to some rag buckets is holding an object
830	Entailment	A couple is looking at a map.	A couple is looking at a street guide
831	Entailment	A man is making a phone call	A man is making a phone call.
832	Entailment	Two dogs are jumping across the snowy grass and rocks	Two dogs are jumping across snowy grass and rocks.
833	Entailment	A woman is playing the violin	The violin is being played by a woman
834	Entailment	A ball is being chased by a dog in the grass	The dog is chasing a ball in the grass
835	Entailment	Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera.	Some teens are dancing for the camera.
836	Entailment	A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean.	A couple is sitting on a patio and is facing the ocean.
837	Entailment	A seemingly malnourished dog is standing on its hind legs and getting ready to jump.	The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump
838	Entailment	Some men are sawing.	Men are sawing
839	Entailment	Men are sawing logs	Some men are sawing.
840	Entailment	A pizza is being eaten by a man	A man is eating a pizza
841	Entailment	A man is lifting bars	The man is lifting dumbbells
842	Entailment	Some man is leading the race	A man is leading the race
843	Entailment	A man is riding a horse	The person is riding the animal
844	Entailment	A dog is playing in the green field	A dog is playing in the green grass
845	Entailment	The woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing	A person is playing a guitar and singing
846	Entailment	A black dog is jumping from one hay ball to another hay ball	A black dog is jumping from one hay ball to another hay ball
847	Entailment	A dog is being teased by a monkey at the zoo	A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo
848	Entailment	An old woman is standing near a white dog	An old woman is standing near a dog with white coat.
849	Entailment	Several people are sitting around a campfire at night	People are clustered around a campfire at night
850	Entailment	A boy is playing the piano excitedly	A piano is being played by one person
851	Entailment	A white dog and a black dog are running happily side by side in the grass.	A black and a white dog are running happily in the grass.
852	Entailment	Someone is checking the email	Someone is reading the email
853	Entailment	An orange pepper is being diced by one person	The person is dicing a pepper that is orange
854	Entailment	A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.	The lady is stirring meat in a bowl
855	Entailment	The woman with a white sweater is getting a tattoo on the hand of a teenager	A tattoo is being drawn on a teenager&#39;s hand by the woman in the white sweater
856	Entailment	Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water	Two brown dogs are playing with frisbee in the water
857	Entailment	The man is chopping a potato	A man is cutting a potato
858	Entailment	Ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow team jersey and is defending the goal	The goal is being saved by a yellow team hockey player
859	Entailment	A group of men are fighting	Two men are fighting
860	Entailment	A small girl is playing a grand piano on stage	A small girl is playing the piano
861	Entailment	A man is calling	A man is talking on the phone.
862	Entailment	The outdoor ice skating rink is full of people	An outdoor ice skating park is full of people
863	Entailment	A cartoon plane is landing	A cartoon plane is landing
864	Entailment	A kitten is drinking fresh milk.	The milk is being drunk by a cat
865	Entailment	A tree is being cut by a man with an ax	A man is chopping a tree with an ax
866	Entailment	The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree	The black bird is sitting on a leafless tree
867	Entailment	The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella	The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella
868	Entailment	The girl is trotting on the horse	A horse is being ridden by a girl
869	Entailment	A plane is taking off	An airplane is taking off
870	Entailment	A distant person with a blue backpack is climbing an area full of rocks.	The person is walking
871	Entailment	Runners are competing on a track.	Runners are running down a track
872	Entailment	A man is cutting the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword.	A man is cutting a boot with a sword.
873	Entailment	A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk	A tiny brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk.
874	Entailment	A young topless woman is covered in paint.	A topless girl is covered in paint.
875	Entailment	The woman is frying a breaded pork chop	A woman is cooking empanada pork chop
876	Entailment	The man is riding a mechanical bull	A person is riding a mechanical bull.
877	Entailment	The man is operating a shorthand machine	A man is typing on a machine used for shorthand
878	Entailment	A woman is peeling a potato	A woman is peeling a potato
879	Entailment	A man is practicing drums	A man is playing the drums
880	Entailment	A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and is using a whisk made of metal.	A woman is beating two eggs in the bowl and is using a whisk made of metal
881	Entailment	A man is chopping a tree with an ax	A tree is being cut by a man with an ax
882	Entailment	One person riding a bicycle is wearing equipment that is black	A biker is wearing a gear that is black
883	Entailment	A man is wearing a red jacket and standing next to a yellow canoe over boulders with water in the background.	A man is wearing a red jacket and standing next to a red canoe on some rocks with water in the background.
884	Entailment	A woman is wakeboarding at the lake	A woman is wakeboarding in a lake
885	Entailment	The boy is examining a calendar	A boy is looking at a calendar
886	Entailment	The small boy is riding a bicycle in a race	A bicycle is being pedaled by a small boy in a race
887	Entailment	A red and brown dog is sticking its muzzle in the gift bag.	The red and brown dog is sticking its muzzle inside a gift bag
888	Entailment	A cow is grazing	A cow is eating grass
889	Entailment	A group of men are fighting	Some men are fighting
890	Entailment	The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide	The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide
891	Entailment	A dog is taking a piece of wood from the clear water.	A dog is taking a stick from very clean water
892	Entailment	A man is adjusting a silencer on a gun.	A man is fitting a silencer into a pistol
893	Entailment	Two dogs are being petted by a man	A man is petting two dogs
894	Entailment	Three boys in karate uniforms are fighting	Three boys in karate uniform are fighting
895	Entailment	A boy is mowing the lawn with shears	A child is mowing grass with scissors
896	Entailment	Someone is feeding an animal	Someone is feeding an animal
897	Entailment	The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid	The girl is rubbing eyeliner on her eyelid
898	Entailment	A child with a splashing gun is laughing and being hit by other boys	A child is holding a water gun
899	Entailment	A man is holding a sign selflessly and is seeking money	A man is holding a sign and is seeking money
900	Entailment	Ferrets are climbing shelf below	Some ferrets are climbing shelf below
901	Entailment	A band is singing loud	A band is singing
902	Entailment	A dog is running after a ball in the grass	A dog is chasing a ball in the grass
903	Entailment	A man is typing on a machine used for shorthand	The man is typing on a machine used for shorthand
904	Entailment	A woman is cutting an onion	An onion is being cut by a woman
905	Entailment	A man is wearing a blue plaid shirt and is happy unicycle riding in the street.	A man is wearing a blue plaid shirt and riding a unicycle on the street.
906	Entailment	A tree is being picked up by a man	A man is picking a tree
907	Entailment	Some fish are swimming.	A fish is swimming
908	Entailment	The girl is sitting on the couch and doing crochet	The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting
909	Entailment	A man and a woman are walking down a city street	A man and a woman are walking down a city street
910	Entailment	A boy, who is young, is jumping in the air with his knees bent and his arms open	A young boy is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms open
911	Entailment	One boy is holding a hose next to a man and another boy is watching	A hose is being held by a boy next to a man and another boy is watching
912	Entailment	A guy is cutting a tomato	Someone is cutting a tomato
913	Entailment	A brown dog is passing a snowy trail	A dog is running on a snowy path.
914	Entailment	A person is combing a cat&#39;s fur	A cat&#39;s hair is being combed by a person
915	Entailment	Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera.	A group of people are holding drinks and pointing at the camera.
916	Entailment	A man is putting vegetables in a pan	Someone is pouring ingredients into a pan
917	Entailment	The flute is being played by the woman	A woman is playing a flute
918	Entailment	A dog is running across a field and chasing a ball	A dog is running towards a ball
919	Entailment	A person is quickly cutting mushrooms with a knife.	A person is quickly mincing mushrooms with a knife
920	Entailment	A woman is putting on lipstick	A woman is putting on makeup
921	Entailment	A tomato is being sliced by a woman	A woman is slicing a tomato
922	Entailment	A tennis player in the middle of the game is holding a racket	A racket is being held by a tennis player in the middle of the game.
923	Entailment	A bell pepper is being cut into pieces by one person	A person is cutting chili into pieces
924	Entailment	Two men are fighting in a cow pasture	Two men are fighting in a corral
925	Entailment	The man is painting	A man is drawing
926	Entailment	The policeman is sitting on a policeman bike	The policeman is sitting on the police bike
927	Entailment	Two people in two chairs are reading nicely	Two people in two chairs are reading
928	Entailment	Young boy is climbing the stone wall	A young boy is climbing a stone wall
929	Entailment	A boy is playing a guitar	A guitar is being played by a boy
930	Entailment	A tiger is walking outside the cage	A tiger is walking around the cage.
931	Entailment	The cat is eating some corn	A cat is eating some corn
932	Entailment	A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink	A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink.
933	Entailment	A man is riding a mechanical bull.	A person is riding a mechanical bull.
934	Entailment	People are walking outside the building that has several murals	People are walking outside a building that has many murals
935	Entailment	A woman is peeling the potato	Potato is being peeled by a woman
936	Entailment	The paper is being cut with scissors	Some paper is being cut
937	Entailment	A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day.	A man is drinking orange juice and walking.
938	Entailment	South African plane is flying in the blue sky	The plane, which is South African, is flying in a blue sky.
939	Entailment	A man is breaking planks made of wood with his hands.	A man is breaking wooden tables with his hand.
940	Entailment	A man is holding a frog	A person is holding a frog
941	Entailment	The woman is thumbing a frog	A person is holding a frog
942	Entailment	Two brown dogs are playing with frisbee in the water	Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water
943	Entailment	A woman is applying cosmetics on her eyelid.	A woman is putting makeup on her eyelid
944	Entailment	A girl is cutting butter in two pieces	A girl is cutting the butter in two pieces
945	Entailment	A person is cutting some mushrooms	A person is slicing mushrooms
946	Entailment	Two little boys dressed in tuxedos are standing on a red carpet	Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
947	Entailment	A person is slicing mushrooms	A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.
948	Entailment	A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white hood and is talking and marching	A woman is wearing a shirt, which is blue, with a white vest and a white cap, and is talking and walking.
949	Entailment	A pair of white dogs are running and jumping along a beach.	Two white dogs are running and jumping along the beach
950	Entailment	Rugby players are facing each other	Some people who play rugby are facing each other
951	Entailment	The lady is peeling the potato	A woman is peeling a potato
952	Entailment	The woman wearing jeans is sitting in the saddle of a horse	A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle
953	Entailment	A soccer player is passing a judge carrying a soccer ball	A person playing soccer is running to a judge who carries a soccer ball
954	Entailment	The policeman is sitting on the police bike	The policeman is sitting on a policeman bike
955	Entailment	The man is playing an acoustic guitar	A man is playing the guitar
956	Entailment	An Asian girl in front of a brick window looks surprised	An Asian girl standing in front of a brick window looks surprised
957	Entailment	A dog is running up the grassy hill	A dog is running uphill
958	Entailment	A person wearing gray pants is jumping in the air on a snowboard	A person is wearing gray pants on a snowboard
959	Entailment	A baby is being put in a bin by a woman	A woman is putting the baby in a trash can
960	Entailment	The wee boy is standing in the forest	A young child is standing in front of some trees.
961	Entailment	A guitar is being played by a boy	A boy is playing a guitar
962	Entailment	The person is riding a horse	The person is riding the animal
963	Entailment	A woman is cutting a tomato	A woman is slicing a tomato
964	Entailment	A man is making a phone call	A man is talking on a cellphone
965	Entailment	Two girls with dogs are walking on a forest path	Two dogs and two people are walking in the woods
966	Entailment	The man is talking on the phone	The man is talking on the phone
967	Entailment	The onion is being cut by man	A man is slicing an onion
968	Entailment	A boy is hitting a man with a sword	A man is being hit by a child with a gun
969	Entailment	A person playing field soccer is kicking a ball to the goal	A soccer player is kicking the ball into the goal
970	Entailment	The man and the woman are walking	The man and the woman are walking
971	Entailment	A person is riding a bicycle	A bike is being pedaled by one person
972	Entailment	A woman is dancing with grace	A woman is dancing
973	Entailment	The doctor is helping the patient	The patient is being helped by the doctor
974	Entailment	A man is holding a tiny animal in one hand	A man is holding a small animal in one hand.
975	Entailment	The person is jet skiing in the waves	A person is driving a jet ski in the waves.
976	Entailment	A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall	The man is standing in the water at the base of the waterfall
977	Entailment	The person is going to the sea	The person is entering the water
978	Entailment	Two scared boys are talking on the phone	Two boys are talking on the phone
979	Entailment	The dog is snapping a few drops of water	The dog is biting a few drops of water
980	Entailment	The child is happily slipping in the snow	A child is slipping in the snow
981	Entailment	The man is making a big leap	A big jump is being performed by a man
982	Entailment	The woman is stirring meat in a bowl	A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.
983	Entailment	A man is playing the drums	The drums are being played by man
984	Entailment	The woman is chopping garlic	The woman is slicing garlic
985	Entailment	The woman and the man are traveling by car	Woman and man are motoring
986	Entailment	The purple, white and black player is playing near the end of the field.	A player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field.
987	Entailment	Children are playing in front of a large door.	The children are playing in front of a very large door.
988	Entailment	Several boys are jumping on a trampoline	Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
989	Entailment	A band is performing on stage	A band is performing on the stage.
990	Entailment	A man is screwing a piece of wood into a wall	A piece of wood is being screwed to a wall by a man
991	Entailment	Military officer is shouting at recruits	Military officer is shouting at recruits
992	Entailment	A man is strumming a guitar	A man is playing the guitar
993	Entailment	The woman is thumbing a frog	A frog is being handled by the woman
994	Entailment	A small group of men are happily playing cricket.	People are playing cricket
995	Entailment	A wee boy in a yellow shirt is laughing at the beach	A wee boy in a shirt, who is yellow, is laughing at the beach
996	Entailment	A man is standing in the snow on the edge of a mountain.	A person is standing in the snow on the edge of a mountain.
997	Entailment	A boy is climbing effortlessly up an artificially built wall for climbing and is attached to a rope	A boy is climbing up a climbing wall and is attached to a rope
998	Entailment	A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail	A person rides a bike along a trail
999	Entailment	The man in the suit is standing facing a microphone and singing	A man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone and singing
1000	Entailment	A man is working on the laptop	A man is working at the computer
1001	Entailment	A boy is walking fearfully across a bridge	A boy is walking across a bridge
1002	Entailment	The woman is playing an electric guitar	The woman is playing a guitar that is electric
1003	Entailment	An old woman is shaking hands with a man	Two people are shaking hands
1004	Entailment	The woman is slicing a tomato	The lady is slicing a tomato
1005	Entailment	The woman is squeezing juice from a lemon	A woman is squeezing juice from a lemon.
1006	Entailment	A man is emerging from a swamp	The man is emerging from a swamp
1007	Entailment	Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snow-covered road.	Two men are taking a break from the trip on a snowy road.
1008	Entailment	Three kids are running down the grassy slope	Three infants are running downhill
1009	Entailment	A blonde girl is surfing	A blonde girl is riding waves
1010	Entailment	A lady is putting on makeup	A woman is putting on makeup
1011	Entailment	A small group of men are happily playing cricket.	Some men are playing cricket
1012	Entailment	A woman is talking on a telephone	A woman is talking on a telephone device
1013	Entailment	A guy is mowing the lawn	A man is mowing grass
1014	Entailment	A small girl is looking at a fantasy woman	A young girl is looking at a fantasy woman
1015	Entailment	A man is following a woman through the woods	A man and a woman are walking through the woods
1016	Entailment	Two men are competing in a tire competition	Two men are competing in a tire race
1017	Entailment	A brown dog is standing in a lake	A brown dog is standing in the water
1018	Entailment	A piano is being played by one person	A person is playing a piano
1019	Entailment	A boy is playing a guitar	A child is playing a guitar
1020	Entailment	An onion is being cut by a man	The onion is being cut by man
1021	Entailment	A snowball is being made by a child	A child is making a snowball
1022	Entailment	A dog, which is brown, and a black are running on the grass.	A dog, which is brown, and one that is black, are running in the grass.
1023	Entailment	Two boys in white clothes and red protective gear are fighting on a rug	Two kids in white clothes and red safety gear are fighting on a rug
1024	Entailment	A cyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp	A young man on a bmx bike is jumping from a brickwork pyramid
1025	Entailment	The man is riding a mountain bike	A person on a bicycle is riding on one wheel only.
1026	Entailment	A man is slowly bending a tortilla	A man is folding a tortilla
1027	Entailment	A woman is walking the dog on the street	The dog is being taken for a walk by the woman
1028	Entailment	A cat is sliding upside down on a couch	A cat is sliding upside down on a couch
1029	Entailment	A woman is playing a flute	The woman is playing a flute
1030	Entailment	Four people are floating in a dinghy	Some people are floating in a dinghy
1031	Entailment	A horse is being ridden by a man	A man is riding a horse
1032	Entailment	A man is putting vegetables in a pan	Vegetables are being put in a pan by a man
1033	Entailment	Motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants	Blue and black pants are being worn by motocross rider
1034	Entailment	A man is riding a horse	The man is riding a horse
1035	Entailment	Four boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball	Some boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
1036	Entailment	A dog is taking a nap in the park	The dog is resting in the park
1037	Entailment	A person is cutting an onion	This person is cutting an onion
1038	Entailment	The man is giving an interview	An interview is being granted by the man.
1039	Entailment	The cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence	A cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence
1040	Entailment	A black and white dog with a big branch is running in the field.	A black and white dog with a large branch is running on the grass.
1041	Entailment	A guitar is being passionately played by a man	A man is playing a guitar
1042	Entailment	Young woman in red dyed shirt is blowing a bubble that is giant	Young girl is blowing a bubble that is big
1043	Entailment	A girl is combing her hair	A girl is brushing her hair
1044	Entailment	Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake	Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake
1045	Entailment	A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and is using a whisk made of metal.	Eggs are being strongly beaten in a bowl by one person
1046	Entailment	Two men are fighting in a cattle corral	Two men are fighting in a corral
1047	Entailment	A machine is sharpening a pencil	A pencil is being sharpened
1048	Entailment	A horse is being ridden by a man	The man is riding a horse
1049	Entailment	A man is dancing on a roof.	A person is dancing on the roof.
1050	Entailment	A cartoon plane is landing	A plane is landing
1051	Entailment	Three friends are making faces for the camera	Friends are making faces at the camera
1052	Entailment	Someone is playing the guitar	Someone is playing the guitar
1053	Entailment	The woman is practicing water skiing without fear	The woman is doing water skiing
1054	Entailment	A chubby face boy is wearing sunglasses	A chubby-faced boy is wearing sunglasses
1055	Entailment	Someone is stirring a pan of peppers with a spoon	Someone is stirring the pepper in a pan
1056	Entailment	An individual is beating an egg	Someone is beating an egg
1057	Entailment	The children are wearing black pants and jumping	Some kids are wearing black pants and jumping
1058	Entailment	Some men in a competition are running outdoors.	Some men in a competition are running abroad.
1059	Entailment	A small child is splashing water inside a blue kiddie pool	The child is splashing water in a pool
1060	Entailment	A yellow dog is running down a sandy path	A yellow dog is running down a sandy path
1061	Entailment	Some people in a drag race are looking at the flames coming out of the cars.	People in a drag race are looking at the flames coming out of the cars.
1062	Entailment	Several people are sitting around a campfire at night	Several people are gathered around the fire at night
1063	Entailment	The men are talking	The men are having a conversation
1064	Entailment	A woman is frying some food	Some foods are being fried by a woman
1065	Entailment	A man in a red uniform is quickly jumping on a mountain bike race.	A man is participating in a bmx race
1066	Entailment	A yellow dog is running down a sandy path	A dog is running
1067	Entailment	A cardboard box is being touched by a man with a black hat	A man with black hat is touching a cardboard box
1068	Entailment	A student with a black bag is in a crowded train	A girl with a black bag is in a crowded train
1069	Entailment	A cat is playing a piano comically	A cat is playing a piano
1070	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	The guitar is being played by a man
1071	Entailment	The man is driving a car carefully	The man is driving a car
1072	Entailment	A young boy is playing a wind instrument	A boy, who is young, is playing a wind instrument
1073	Entailment	A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves.	A young child is running outdoors on the fallen leaves.
1074	Entailment	A shrewd badger is digging the earth	A badger is cunningly digging the earth
1075	Entailment	A small girl and woman wearing a yellow shirt are being watered by a city fountain.	A small girl and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are being wet near a fountain
1076	Entailment	A cat is walking on the club floor	A cat is walking on a wooden floor
1077	Entailment	Eggs are being cracked in a bowl by the woman	The woman is cracking eggs in a bowl
1078	Entailment	A clown is singing and people are dancing	A clown is singing
1079	Entailment	Four people are sitting on a low cement railing	Some people are sitting on a low cement railing.
1080	Entailment	A man is chopping an onion	A man is cutting an onion
1081	Entailment	A man is dancing upside down on the ceiling	A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
1082	Entailment	The boy is playing a guitar	A boy is playing a guitar
1083	Entailment	A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth with difficulty and running through the grass.	A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running through the grass.
1084	Entailment	Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking next to a building.	Two people are walking with loaded baskets and blankets.
1085	Entailment	A woman is looking at the view of a city	The woman is looking at the view of a city
1086	Entailment	The deer is jumping over a fence	A deer is jumping over the enclosure
1087	Entailment	The girl is rubbing eyeliner on her eyelid	The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid
1088	Entailment	A young girl is dancing	A young woman is dancing
1089	Entailment	Some panda is climbing	A panda is climbing
1090	Entailment	Two boys on the couch are playing video games	A couple of boys are playing a video game
1091	Entailment	A person is playing a piano	A piano is being played by one person
1092	Entailment	A man is on a ship in front of the sunset	A man is in a boat in front of the sunset
1093	Entailment	A baby is happily playing with a dog	A baby is playing with a dog
1094	Entailment	An afraid little boy is on a climbing wall.	A little boy, who looks scared, is on a climbing wall
1095	Entailment	A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man.	A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man.
1096	Entailment	A man is displaying a wee monkey	A man is showing a wee monkey
1097	Entailment	A guitar is being played by a man	A man is playing the guitar
1098	Entailment	A sheepdog is herding a flock of sheep	The sheepdog is herding a flock of sheep
1099	Entailment	Oil is being poured into a sautese by a man	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan
1100	Entailment	The woman is catching a kangaroo baby	The lady is catching the kangaroo
1101	Entailment	A woman is amalgamating eggs	A woman is mixing eggs
1102	Entailment	Chunks of butter are being added to the mixer	Some pieces of butter are being added in the mixer
1103	Entailment	The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy	A person is holding an electronic device.
1104	Entailment	Some men are playing cricket	People are playing cricket
1105	Entailment	The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting passively at a table with soda cans and other drinks.	The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with soda cans and other drinks.
1106	Entailment	The lady is dancing	The woman is dancing
1107	Entailment	A man is shooting with a shotgun.	A man is shooting with a gun.
1108	Entailment	A woman is putting skewers on a shelf.	The skewers are being placed on a shelf by a woman
1109	Entailment	A boy wearing red shorts is jumping in a kiddie pool	A child is wearing red shorts and is jumping in a kiddie pool
1110	Entailment	A man is carrying a tree.	A man is carrying a plant.
1111	Entailment	The car is being driven by a man	A man is driving a car.
1112	Entailment	A person is reading the email	Someone is reading the email
1113	Entailment	A group of people are standing around a soundboard.	A group of people are standing around a stereo
1114	Entailment	Two kids are playing field soccer in the park	Two kids are playing with a ball in the park
1115	Entailment	A dog is chasing a ball in the grass	A ball is being chased by a dog in the grass
1116	Entailment	A small boy is showing his tongue at the camera and another boy is looking at him	One small boy is showing his tongue to the camera and another boy is looking
1117	Entailment	A white horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat	A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse.
1118	Entailment	A dog, which is small and black, is chasing a small brown dog	A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog
1119	Entailment	Some people are dancing.	A group of people are dancing.
1120	Entailment	The woman is slicing herbs	A woman is slicing herbs
1121	Entailment	The machine is sharpening the end of a pencil	A machine is sharpening a pencil
1122	Entailment	Man is making a handstand in the wet sand at the water&#39;s edge on the beach.	A man is holding a handstand at the beach
1123	Entailment	A man is playing the drums	A man is playing the drums
1124	Entailment	A child is surprisingly experiencing a new world.	A child is experiencing a new world.
1125	Entailment	The man is riding a bull who is mechanical	The man is riding a mechanical bull
1126	Entailment	Two white dogs are running and jumping along the beach	Two dogs are playing on the beach
1127	Entailment	People are walking outside a building that has many murals	People are walking outside the building that has several murals
1128	Entailment	Two boys are on the couch playing games on the television	Two boys on the couch are playing video games
1129	Entailment	The person is writing	A person is writing
1130	Entailment	A man is felling a tree with an ax.	A tree is being cut by a man with an ax
1131	Entailment	An Asian woman among many people is carrying a black bag	An asian woman in the crowd is carrying a black bag
1132	Entailment	A dog is running up the grassy hill	A dog is running up a grassy hill
1133	Entailment	A brown and white animal is jumping on the sidewalk	A brown and white dog is jumping on the sidewalk
1134	Entailment	A man is slowly dancing on the road.	A man is dancing on the road.
1135	Entailment	A person on a bicycle is jumping through the air and the sun is shining through the bicycle frame.	The person is flying through the air on the bike
1136	Entailment	A trumpet is being played by one person	A person is playing the trumpet
1137	Entailment	A potato is being peeled by a woman	A woman is peeling a potato
1138	Entailment	The surfer is riding a big wave	A surfer is catching a big wave
1139	Entailment	The man is slicing vegetables	Vegetables are being sliced by a man.
1140	Entailment	The woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl made of glass	The woman is breaking two eggs inside a glass bowl
1141	Entailment	A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef.	A boss is cleaning a soup bowl
1142	Entailment	A group of children in the basement of a church are playing maracas and tambourines	A group of children in a basement of a building are playing maracas and tambourines
1143	Entailment	A man is drawing a picture	An image is being drawn by a man
1144	Entailment	An old woman is standing near a dog with white coat.	An old woman is standing near a white dog
1145	Entailment	Different teams are playing soccer on the field	Two teams are playing field soccer
1146	Entailment	The man is carefully feeding a snake with a mouse	A snake is being fed by a mouse by a man.
1147	Entailment	Military officer is shouting at recruits	An officer is talking to the soldiers
1148	Entailment	A black dog is jumping from a dock to a pond	A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
1149	Entailment	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan.
1150	Entailment	A black dog and a tiny white and black dog are looking up to a kitchen countertop.	Two dogs are looking at a kitchen worktop
1151	Entailment	The group of people are sitting on the floor outside a monument	Some people are sitting on the floor outside a monument.
1152	Entailment	The white bird is landing quickly in the water	A white bird is landing quickly in the water
1153	Entailment	Someone is drawing a person	The person is drawing
1154	Entailment	A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture	An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture
1155	Entailment	A bee is clinging to a yellow flower.	A yellow flower is being grabbed by a bee
1156	Entailment	A man is taking pictures of a lake	A man is attentively taking pictures of a lake
1157	Entailment	A white dog with beige spots is shooting across a field.	A white dog with beige spots is running across a field.
1158	Entailment	A man is crouching and holding a camera	A person is crouching and holding the camera
1159	Entailment	A woman is cutting garlic	A woman is slicing garlic
1160	Entailment	A man is eating food	A man is eating some food
1161	Entailment	The woman is catching a kangaroo that is small	The woman is catching a kangaroo baby
1162	Entailment	Snowboarder is boldly jumping over white snow	Snowboarder is jumping over from white snow.
1163	Entailment	A rabbit is playing with a stuffed rabbit	A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit
1164	Entailment	A girl is wearing a pink shirt that has white writing and is lying on the grass	A pink shirt with white writing is being worn by a girl lying on the grass
1165	Entailment	A woman is slicing an eggplant	An eggplant is being sliced by a woman
1166	Entailment	A woman is slicing an eggplant	A woman is slicing a vegetable
1167	Entailment	Two animals are running through the park	Two dogs are running fast through a park
1168	Entailment	A man on a motorcycle is around the corner	A man on a motorcycle is turning a corner
1169	Entailment	A small girl is playing a grand piano on stage	A girl is playing the piano
1170	Entailment	The person is writing with a pencil	A person is writing
1171	Entailment	A family is watching a small boy who is hitting a baseball	A child is hitting a baseball
1172	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	A guitar is being played by a man
1173	Entailment	The man is climbing up a rope	A man is climbing upwards on a rope.
1174	Entailment	The men are having a conversation	The men are talking
1175	Entailment	The squirrel is running in circles.	An animal is running in circles.
1176	Entailment	A man is slicing potatoes	A potato is being sliced by man
1177	Entailment	A boy is looking closely at the calendar	A boy is looking at a calendar
1178	Entailment	The brown dog is jumping in the air	The brown animal is jumping in the air
1179	Entailment	One boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him.	One boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching
1180	Entailment	Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake	Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water
1181	Entailment	A man is cleaning the rim of a bowl	A man is cleaning the rim of the bowl
1182	Entailment	A lady is being kissed by a man	A woman is being kissed by a man
1183	Entailment	A cat&#39;s hair is being combed by a person	A person is combing a cat&#39;s fur
1184	Entailment	A man is performing a trick on a green bike	A man is doing tricks on a green bike
1185	Entailment	A frog is being handled by the woman	The woman is thumbing a frog
1186	Entailment	A girl is combing her hair	A girl is combing her hair
1187	Entailment	A woman is peeling a potato	The woman is peeling a potato
1188	Entailment	The person is riding a motorcycle on a sandy track	The person is driving a motorcycle on a sand trail
1189	Entailment	A black dog is jumping from a rock in a pond	A black dog is jumping from a dock to a pond
1190	Entailment	A woman is slicing a green pepper	The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
1191	Entailment	Two people are walking with loaded baskets and colorful blankets.	Two people are walking with loaded baskets and blankets.
1192	Entailment	A woman is grating carrots	Carrots are being grated by a woman
1193	Entailment	A soccer player is being pushed by his opponent	An opponent is attacking a soccer player
1194	Entailment	The dark-skinned man is on one hand in front of a yellow building	The dark-skinned man is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
1195	Entailment	A man with a hard hat is dancing	The man with a hard hat is dancing
1196	Entailment	The black dog is playing with the brown dog in the sand	A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
1197	Entailment	A cowgirl is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel	A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is turning around in a barrel
1198	Entailment	A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face.	The man is sitting on the train and rests his hand against his face
1199	Entailment	Five kids are standing in front of a log cabin	Five kids are standing in front of a wooden cabin
1200	Entailment	A dirty caramel dog is rolling in the dirt and looking straight into the camera.	A dog is rolling on the floor
1201	Entailment	A black dog on a leash is walking in the water.	A leash dog is walking in the water
1202	Entailment	Five kids are standing in front of a wooden cabin	Five kids are standing in front of a log cabin
1203	Entailment	The guitar is being played by the man	The guitar is being played by a man
1204	Entailment	The puppy is playing with a plastic container	The dog is playing with a plastic container
1205	Entailment	A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand	The black dog is playing with the brown dog in the sand
1206	Entailment	Two little kids are playing with a toy car on the street.	Two little children are playing with a toy car on the street.
1207	Entailment	A plane is taking off	An aircraft is taking off
1208	Entailment	A tanned child is looking at the camera	A tanned child is looking at the camera
1209	Entailment	A person is peeling an onion	The person is peeling an onion
1210	Entailment	A young boy in the blue shirt is jumping in the water	Young boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the water
1211	Entailment	The man and the woman are walking	The man and the woman are walking
1212	Entailment	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work from the panel.	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work on the blackboard
1213	Entailment	A cat is playing with a watermelon	The cat is playing with a watermelon
1214	Entailment	Two kids are peering over a rusty ledge	Two kids are looking over a rusty railing
1215	Entailment	A group of dogs bred for running are wearing striped uniforms and are running along the way.	A group of race dogs are wearing striped uniforms and are running down the track.
1216	Entailment	A woman is peeling a potato	A woman is peeling food
1217	Entailment	A woman is slicing potatoes	Potatoes are being sliced by a woman
1218	Entailment	A horse and rider are jumping fast over a barrier	A horse and his rider are jumping over a barrier
1219	Entailment	A young girl in blue leotard is jumping in the air	A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
1220	Entailment	A man is eating a pizza	Some food is being eaten by a man
1221	Entailment	A man in a purple-dyed shirt is looking at a man in a black shirt who is making a face that looks funny	A man in a dyed purple shirt is looking at the man in the black shirt who is making a funny face
1222	Entailment	A man is leading the race	Some man is leading the race
1223	Entailment	A white dog is standing in the leaves on the ground.	A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground.
1224	Entailment	A man is reading the email	A person is reading the email
1225	Entailment	A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow.	Two dogs are playing in the snow
1226	Entailment	The crowd is watching two race cars that are leaving the starting line	A crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
1227	Entailment	Some liquid is being poured into a frying pan by a man.	The man is pouring liquid into a pan
1228	Entailment	A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard	A blond boy is sliding down sand dune on a skateboard
1229	Entailment	A person in a blue jacket is jumping from a high cement wall.	A person in a blue jacket is jumping off a tall concrete wall
1230	Entailment	A woman is slicing garlic	A woman is chopping garlic
1231	Entailment	A boat sail is being reflected by the peaceful water.	A boat is calmly sailing on the water.
1232	Entailment	A small boy is jumping in a puddle on the street.	A small boy is jumping in a puddle in the street
1233	Entailment	A person is absently cutting mushrooms with a knife	A person is cutting some mushrooms
1234	Entailment	A woman is catching and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms.	A woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby
1235	Entailment	A person with a red hooded top and a black backpack is walking next to a rocky wall.	A person in a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is moving near a rocky wall.
1236	Entailment	A tiger cub is playing with a ball	A baby tiger is playing with a ball
1237	Entailment	A person who is snowboarding is jumping in the air.	Snowboarder jumps in the air
1238	Entailment	The bride and groom are leaving after the wedding	The bride and groom are leaving after the wedding
1239	Entailment	Some onions are being cut by one person	A person is slicing some onions
1240	Entailment	A boy is standing in the cold water	A boy is standing in the water
1241	Entailment	An oriental man and two women are staring at a camera.	A group of people are standing together and looking at camera.
1242	Entailment	A wet boy is happily jumping on the dirty wet grass	A wet boy is jumping across the dirty wet grass
1243	Entailment	A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall	A woman is sitting and looking at a waterfall
1244	Entailment	A young child is riding a bicycle on a bumpy dirt path	A young child is riding a bicycle on a bumpy dirt track
1245	Entailment	A woman is showing a puppy to a child	A woman is showing a wee dog to a child
1246	Entailment	The man is eating a banana near a tree.	A banana is being eaten by a man
1247	Entailment	A black dog is jumping from a rock in a pond	A black animal is jumping from a dock to the water
1248	Entailment	A man and a woman are eating happily	A man and a woman are eating.
1249	Entailment	A person is pouring olive oil into a pan on the stove	A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pan on the stove
1250	Entailment	A girl is exercising	The girl is exercising
1251	Entailment	A woman is cutting tofu	A woman is slicing tofu
1252	Entailment	A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink.	A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink
1253	Entailment	An orange child is playing outdoors with a snowball	An orange child is playing with a snowball
1254	Entailment	A man is jumping on a wall that is low.	A man is jumping on a low wall
1255	Entailment	A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day.	A person is drinking orange juice and walking
1256	Entailment	Two boys are bouncing on colorful balls	Two boys are bouncing on colored balls
1257	Entailment	A puppy is barking loudly	A puppy is barking
1258	Entailment	A yellow dog is running in the white snow on a sunny day.	A dog, which is caramel, is crossing the snow
1259	Entailment	A young man on a bmx bike is jumping on a brickwork ramp	A young man on a bmx bike is jumping from a brickwork pyramid
1260	Entailment	The man in the gray-dyed T-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.	The man in the gray t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
1261	Entailment	A woman is wearing costume and paint and is riding a bicycle on a busy street.	A bicycle is being pedaled by a woman wearing costume and paint on a busy street.
1262	Entailment	The little cat is playing with a toy	A kitten is playing with a toy.
1263	Entailment	A woman is cutting an onion	A woman is slicing an onion
1264	Entailment	A can is being bitten by a dog	A dog is biting a can
1265	Entailment	A dog standing on both front paws on a rock in a field	The dog is standing with both front paws on a rock in the field.
1266	Entailment	A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding dress	A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil
1267	Entailment	A baby elephant is eating a wee tree	A tiny tree is being eaten by a baby elephant.
1268	Entailment	People are walking by a crowd in the street.	People are walking down a busy street.
1269	Entailment	A guitar is being played by a man	A man is playing a guitar
1270	Entailment	An onion is being sliced by a woman	A woman is slicing an onion
1271	Entailment	A woman is dancing in a cage.	The woman is dancing
1272	Entailment	A woman is putting a baby in a trash can	A woman is putting a child in a trash can
1273	Entailment	A cat&#39;s hair is being combed by a person	A person is brushing a cat
1274	Entailment	Two dogs are running through the tall grass	Two animals are running through the tall grass
1275	Entailment	A young boy is playing the guitar	A small boy is playing the guitar
1276	Entailment	Two men are struggling	Two men are fighting
1277	Entailment	A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on the ground and people are watching	Blue and black pants are being worn by motocross rider
1278	Entailment	A man is driving a car.	The car is being driven by a man
1279	Entailment	A cow is eating hay	Hay is being eaten by a cow
1280	Entailment	A man is talking on the phone.	A man is making a phone call.
1281	Entailment	Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at the screen.	Two young women with arms crossed are looking at the screen
1282	Entailment	The parrot is speaking into the microphone	A parrot is talking
1283	Entailment	A man is chopping onions	A man is slicing onions
1284	Entailment	The potato is being peeled by the lady	The lady is peeling the potato
1285	Entailment	Two teams are competing in a soccer match	Football is being played by two competing teams
1286	Entailment	A dog is barking at a ball	An animal is barking at a ball
1287	Entailment	Two small children are eating a roll in a very small cart	Two young children are eating rolls
1288	Entailment	A woman is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush	A woman is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
1289	Entailment	A child is wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled behind a child in a green and black coat.	A child is wearing a coat and carrying a red sled near a child in a green and black coat.
1290	Entailment	A man is slowly dancing on the road.	A man is dancing
1291	Entailment	Water is being squirted by a man into a white dog&#39;s mouth with a water pistol	A man is squirting a white dog&#39;s mouth water with a water pistol
1292	Entailment	A man is making a sketch	A man is drawing
1293	Entailment	A tiger is walking in circles for no purpose	A tiger is wandering aimlessly
1294	Entailment	A person is slicing garlic into pieces with a knife	A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.
1295	Entailment	A woman is peeling a potato	Potato is being peeled by a woman
1296	Entailment	A boy is standing in front of the blue-painted building in the space reserved for people with disabilities.	A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for disabled people.
1297	Entailment	A man and a woman walk through wooded areas together	A man and a woman are walking through the woods together
1298	Entailment	A big white dog is jumping up in the snow	A big white animal is jumping up in the snow
1299	Entailment	A big flute is being played by a man	A man is playing a big flute
1300	Entailment	A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo	A dog is being teased by a monkey at the zoo
1301	Entailment	A lion is tiredly walking anxiously in a cage.	A lion is walking slowly
1302	Entailment	A golden retriever is running	A dog is running
1303	Entailment	A woman is holding and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms.	A woman is catching and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms.
1304	Entailment	A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water	A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
1305	Entailment	A teenage boy is talking to a girl with a webcam	A teenage boy is talking to a girl with an internet camera
1306	Entailment	A man is carelessly spreading butter on a garlic bread.	The man is carelessly spreading the butter on a slice of garlic bread
1307	Entailment	The woman is playing a flute	A woman is playing the flute
1308	Entailment	The man is setting up a camera and takes photographs of a sunset on a beach.	The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach
1309	Entailment	Young children are playing in a water fountain in front of few people.	Kids are playing in a fountain that is splashing water from the ground
1310	Entailment	A woman is riding a brown horse	A woman is riding a horse
1311	Entailment	Two kids are crouching under some metal bars	Two kids are crouching under some metal bars
1312	Entailment	A cow is eating grass	A cow is grazing
1313	Entailment	A man is turning on the microwave	A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
1314	Entailment	A girl who is small with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing	A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
1315	Entailment	The woman is slicing an onion	An onion is being sliced by the woman
1316	Entailment	A guy is dancing	A man is dancing
1317	Entailment	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s glove
1318	Entailment	The boy, who is young, is riding the waves of the sea	A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
1319	Entailment	A dog is looking around	An animal is looking around
1320	Entailment	A young man on a bmx bike is jumping on a brickwork ramp	A cyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
1321	Entailment	A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage	A girl is playing the piano
1322	Entailment	A woman is slicing a large pepper.	A woman is slicing a pepper that is big
1323	Entailment	A woman is caressing a lemur	A lemur is being petted by a woman
1324	Entailment	Some fish are swimming	A fish is swimming
1325	Entailment	Two teams are enthusiastically playing field soccer	Different teams are playing soccer on the field
1326	Entailment	A man is doing exercises.	The man is doing exercise
1327	Entailment	Meat is being minced to pieces by a woman	A woman is cutting meat into pieces
1328	Entailment	A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree.	A river is being crossed by a dog on a bridge made of a fallen tree.
1329	Entailment	The women are dancing outside	A group of people are dancing.
1330	Entailment	A person is quickly mincing mushrooms with a knife	A man is quickly mincing some mushrooms with a knife
1331	Entailment	A man is getting in a car	A man is getting into a car
1332	Entailment	A young couple is lying in bed	A young couple is lying in a bed together
1333	Entailment	A person is combing a cat&#39;s fur	A person is brushing a cat
1334	Entailment	A man is playing a big flute	A flute is being played by a man
1335	Entailment	A man is touching the keyboard with his nose	A man at the keyboard is playing with his nose
1336	Entailment	A man is slicing a tomato	The man is slicing a tomato
1337	Entailment	The man is dancing	A man is dancing
1338	Entailment	A white horse is standing still	A horse is standing
1339	Entailment	Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd	Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people.
1340	Entailment	A woman is dicing a carrot	The woman is cutting a carrot
1341	Entailment	A dirty caramel dog is rolling in the dirt and looking straight into the camera.	A dirty caramel dog is rolling in the dirt and looking straight into the camera
1342	Entailment	A woman is cracking some eggs in a bowl	A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl.
1343	Entailment	One man is climbing a wall made of stone and another man is holding the rope	One man is climbing a rocky wall and another man is holding a rope.
1344	Entailment	A man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep.	Two people are driving down the street in a jeep
1345	Entailment	The drums are being played by man	A man is playing the drums
1346	Entailment	A man is speaking at a podium	A podium is where a man is talking
1347	Entailment	Vegetables are being mixed in a pan by a man	A man is mixing vegetables in a pan
1348	Entailment	A man is talking on the radio.	A man is talking
1349	Entailment	A woman is slicing butter	A woman is cutting butter
1350	Entailment	A man is playing a flute	A flute is being played by a man
1351	Entailment	A boy is playing the piano excitedly	A boy is happily playing a piano
1352	Entailment	Someone is jumping in the air on a board	Someone is jumping in the air on a board
1353	Entailment	A young child is running outdoors on the fallen leaves.	A young child is running outside over some fallen leaves
1354	Entailment	A young girl in blue leotard is jumping in the air	A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
1355	Entailment	A woman is poking an octopus	A woman is cutting an octopus
1356	Entailment	The boss is carefully pouring oil into a frying pan	Some liquid is being poured into a frying pan by a man.
1357	Entailment	A person with cycling gear is standing facing some mountains	A person wearing cycling clothes is standing firmly in front of the mountains.
1358	Entailment	A man is playing a violin	A violin is being played by a man
1359	Entailment	A man is drawing on a digital whiteboard	A man is drawing on a board.
1360	Entailment	A newly married couple is walking down the aisle	The bride and groom are leaving after the wedding
1361	Entailment	A horse and his rider are jumping over a barrier	A horse is jumping over the hurdle and has a rider on his back.
1362	Entailment	Three people are driving ATVs	Three people are driving four-wheeled vehicles in a field.
1363	Entailment	A soccer player in red and white uniform is being held up by two teammates	Two teammates are leading a soccer player in a red and white uniform
1364	Entailment	A man is talking to a girl using an internet camera.	A man is talking to a girl with an internet camera
1365	Entailment	A colorful toy is being carried by a brown dog in the grass.	A brown dog is carrying a colorful toy in the grass
1366	Entailment	A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink	A man is climbing a cliff with a rope.
1367	Entailment	A big green ball is dropping a potato	A big green ball is hitting a potato
1368	Entailment	A man is cutting a fish	A man is slicing a fish
1369	Entailment	A group of children in uniforms are standing at a gate and one is kissing their mother	A group of children wearing the same clothes are waiting at a gate and one is kissing their mother
1370	Entailment	A man is singing into an old microphone	A man is singing into a microphone
1371	Entailment	The dog is having fun with a toy	A dog is playing with a toy
1372	Entailment	A skilled man is playing guitar on stage	A man is playing a guitar on stage.
1373	Entailment	A woman is riding a horse	A horse is being ridden by a woman
1374	Entailment	The girl in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the team shirt	The girl in blue is chasing the player with a number on the team shirt
1375	Entailment	A young child is running down a road made of gravel covered with dead leaves.	A young child is running outdoors on the fallen leaves.
1376	Entailment	A monkey is brushing the dog	The monkey is brushing the dog
1377	Entailment	A woman is boiling pasta in the water	Pasta is being boiled in water by a woman
1378	Entailment	A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse.	A white horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat
1379	Entailment	Four people are struggling through the thick snow as the sun is setting	Four people are walking through the thick snow and the sun is setting
1380	Entailment	The person is dicing a pepper that is orange	An orange pepper is being diced by one person
1381	Entailment	Cereal is being eaten by man	A man is eating a bowl of cereal.
1382	Entailment	A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage	A small girl is playing a grand piano on stage
1383	Entailment	A puppy is rolling back and forth repeatedly	A dog is rolling around
1384	Entailment	A man is crouching in the bush and taking a photograph	A man is crouching and holding a camera
1385	Entailment	A cat is playing a piano comically	A cat is playing keyboards
1386	Entailment	A teen girl is wearing beads that are red	Teen girl is wearing beads that are red
1387	Entailment	Someone is playing a piano	A piano is being played by someone
1388	Entailment	A young boy is riding a mountain bike through the mud	A young boy is riding a mountain bike through the mud
1389	Entailment	A fish is being sliced by a man	A man is slicing a fish
1390	Entailment	Two kids are playing in a pool with a green colored crocodile float	Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
1391	Entailment	Two preteen twin boys are dueling with sticks	Two preteen twin kids are dueling with bats
1392	Entailment	A person on the motorcycle is raising an arm	The person on the motorcycle is raising his arm
1393	Entailment	Someone is peeling a banana	Someone is peeling a banana
1394	Entailment	The cat is playing keyboards	A cat is playing keyboards
1395	Entailment	The man is slicing a potato	The person is slicing the potato
1396	Entailment	Two people are in the snow wearing camouflage clothing	Some people are in the snow wearing camouflage clothing
1397	Entailment	Two boys on the couch are playing video games	Two boys are playing a video game
1398	Entailment	The man is walking happily in the forest	A man is walking in the woods
1399	Entailment	A woman is putting on makeup	The woman is putting on makeup
1400	Entailment	A chef is preparing a meal	A chef is cooking a meal
1401	Entailment	The boy and the girl are playing at outdoor gym	A boy and a girl are playing outside the gym
1402	Entailment	A man is shooting guns	A man is firing a gun
1403	Entailment	Some students in uniform are listening intently in front of the classroom	A group of students in uniform are listening intently in front of the class
1404	Entailment	The group of people are sitting on the edge of a rock and a scenic view is behind them.	The group of people are sitting on a ledge that is rocky and a scenic view is behind them.
1405	Entailment	A golden-haired dog is in the water	A dog with golden fur is in the water
1406	Entailment	Tap water is being drunk by a yellow dog	A yellow dog is drinking tap water
1407	Entailment	Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand	Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
1408	Entailment	A man is playing a guitar	A guitar is being played by a man
1409	Entailment	A lady is cutting meat into pieces	Meat is being minced to pieces by a woman
1410	Entailment	A black and white dog is playing with a wrecked volleyball in a brown field.	A black and white dog is playing with a withered volleyball
1411	Entailment	A woman is peeling a potato	The lady is peeling the potato
1412	Entailment	A big green ball is dropping a potato	A large ball of green color is hitting a potato
1413	Entailment	Some people are going through the snow landscape which is beautiful and snowy	Some people are walking through the snow of a beautiful snowy landscape.
1414	Entailment	A woman is cutting meat into pieces	Meat is being minced to pieces by a woman
1415	Entailment	The man in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos	A man in a purple-dyed hat is operating a camera that makes videos.
1416	Entailment	A wee boy in a shirt, who is yellow, is laughing at the beach	A small boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
1417	Entailment	Someone is scratching an animal&#39;s belly	Someone is caressing an animal&#39;s belly
1418	Entailment	Three boys are jumping in the leaves	Three kids are jumping on the leaves
1419	Entailment	A man is eating some food	A man is eating food
1420	Entailment	The flute is being played by a man	A flute is being played by a man
1421	Entailment	Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out	Two young children are wearing hats and showing their colorful tongues
1422	Entailment	A surfer is riding the wave	The wave is being surfed by the surfer
1423	Entailment	One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water.	One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff above the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping from there into the water.
1424	Entailment	Small boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing	A small boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
1425	Entailment	A man is riding a mechanical bull.	The man is riding a bull who is mechanical
1426	Entailment	Some food is being prepared by a chef	A chef is preparing some food
1427	Entailment	Woman is slowly adding sugar to meat	The woman is adding sugar to the meat
1428	Entailment	The woman is slicing cooked octopus	The woman is cutting cooked octopus
1429	Entailment	A middle-aged man and woman are riding bicycles along a road beside the water.	A middle-aged man and woman are riding a bicycle along a road near the water.
1430	Entailment	A man is fitting a silencer into a pistol	A man is fixing a silencer for a gun
1431	Entailment	A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is sitting next to her	Woman and man are motoring
1432	Entailment	A small boy with a bib is watching the camera	A young bib boy is watching the camera
1433	Entailment	A person playing soccer is wearing black armbands	A soccer player is wearing black armbands
1434	Entailment	A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball	A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for the ball
1435	Entailment	A surfer is leaning against a surfboard	The surfer is leaning against a surfboard
1436	Entailment	A bird is fiercely flapping its wings in the water	A bird is flapping its wings in the water
1437	Entailment	Dogs are competing on a track.	The dogs are running on a path
1438	Entailment	A person is carelessly putting meat in a sautese	A person is putting meat in a sautese
1439	Entailment	Three men are jumping from a high wall	Three men are jumping off a wall
1440	Entailment	Two dogs are playing outdoors	Two animals are playing outside
1441	Entailment	A woman is playing the flute	The flute is being played by a woman
1442	Entailment	A tree is being cut by a man with an ax	A man is felling a tree with an ax.
1443	Entailment	A man is singing a song and playing guitar	A man is singing and playing the guitar
1444	Entailment	A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer tiara and is playing with a brown-haired dog in the grass.	The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
1445	Entailment	Two people wearing helmets are driving over white and yellow flowers	Two people wearing helmets are driving over yellow and white flowers
1446	Entailment	Two kids are playing in a pool with a green crocodile float	Two kids are playing in a pool with a green colored crocodile float
1447	Entailment	A man is cutting a bread	A man is slicing a bread
1448	Entailment	Water is being drunk by a soccer player sitting on the field	A man is sitting on the grass and drinking water from a bottle.
1449	Entailment	The guitar is being played by a girl	The person is practicing playing the guitar
1450	Entailment	A white car is being driven by a man	A man&#39;s white car is being taken
1451	Entailment	The dog is walking along a bridge made by a trunk over the water	A river is being crossed by a dog on a bridge made of a fallen tree.
1452	Entailment	The animal with big eyes is ravenously eating	The animal with big eyes is eating
1453	Entailment	A woman in jeans is sitting in the saddle of a horse	A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle
1454	Entailment	Pasta is being boiled in water by a woman	One person is boiling pasta
1455	Entailment	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan	A man is pouring oil into a sautese
1456	Entailment	People are singing	A group of people are singing
1457	Entailment	Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cellphone	A group of people are walking down the street and a person in a hat is on the phone
1458	Entailment	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing rods	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing tools
1459	Entailment	A surfer is surfing on the wave.	A surfer is riding the wave
1460	Entailment	People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction.	Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest
1461	Entailment	Someone is cutting a tomato	The lady is slicing a tomato
1462	Entailment	A flute is being played by a man	The flute is being played by a man
1463	Entailment	Runners are competing in a race.	Some runners are competing in a race.
1464	Entailment	Military officer is shouting at recruits	An officer is talking to the recruits
1465	Entailment	A woman is talking loudly on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the nearby ledge	A woman is talking on her cell phone and keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the railing nearby.
1466	Entailment	A man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is in another man.	A man is breaking a concrete slab with a sledgehammer
1467	Entailment	The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach	The photo with a set up camera is being taken by a man on the beach at sunset.
1468	Entailment	A dog is chasing a ball	The dog is chasing the ball
1469	Entailment	Three asian kids are dancing and one serious man is looking	Three asian kids are dancing and one man is looking
1470	Entailment	A woman is carefully applying cosmetics on her eyelid.	A woman is applying cosmetics on her eyelid.
1471	Entailment	A person is cutting chili into pieces	A bell pepper is being cut into pieces by one person
1472	Entailment	Two men are taking a break from the trip on a snowy road.	Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snow-covered road.
1473	Entailment	Some women are dancing and singing.	A woman is dancing and singing with other women
1474	Entailment	Two men are walking by the river	Two men are walking by the water
1475	Entailment	Some milk is being greedily drunk by a cat	A cat is greedily drinking milk
1476	Entailment	The woman is dicing garlic	Garlic is being diced by a woman
1477	Entailment	A man is doing tricks on a green bike	A man is performing a trick on a green bike
1478	Entailment	The panda bear is lying on the trunks	The panda bear is resting on the logs
1479	Entailment	Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high.	Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping
1480	Entailment	Someone is cutting some paper with scissors	The piece of paper is being cut
1481	Entailment	The man is emerging from a swamp	A man is emerging from a swamp
1482	Entailment	A black dog is running through a rocky landscape	A black dog is moving along a rocky terrain.
1483	Entailment	A piece of wood is being screwed to a wall by a man	A man is screwing a piece of wood into a wall
1484	Entailment	Many cheerleaders are walking in the parade	A large group of cheerleaders are walking in a parade.
1485	Entailment	A little dog is chasing a big brown cow	A dog, which is small, is chasing a big brown cow
1486	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	A guitar is being played by a man
1487	Entailment	The lady is adding cheese to the sauce	The woman is adding cheese to the sauce
1488	Entailment	The man is doing floor exercises	A man is doing exercises on the floor.
1489	Entailment	A young child dressed for the cold weather is standing outside	A young child dressed in cold weather is standing outside
1490	Entailment	Runners are racing fiercely around the track	Runners are competing around the track
1491	Entailment	Women are dancing divinely outside	The women are dancing outside
1492	Entailment	Snowboarder is spinning in the air over a snowdrift	A snowboarder is spinning around a snowdrift
1493	Entailment	A man is riding an electric bike	A bicycle is being pedaled by a man
1494	Entailment	A man is talking on a cellphone	A man is making a phone call
1495	Entailment	The paper is being cut with scissors	The piece of paper is being cut
1496	Entailment	A man is driving a motorcycle	A man is riding a motorcycle
1497	Entailment	A violin is being played by a man	A man is playing a violin
1498	Entailment	Two girls are playing happily inside a jumping house	Two girls are playing inside a jumping house
1499	Entailment	A big green ball is striking a potato	A big green ball is hitting a potato
1500	Entailment	A man is playing a little flute	A man is playing a flute
1501	Entailment	A group of children wearing the same clothes are waiting at a gate and one is kissing their mother	A group of children in uniforms are standing at a gate and one is kissing their mother
1502	Entailment	Two men are fighting boxing	Two men are fighting
1503	Entailment	The man is playing the guitar	A man is playing the guitar
1504	Entailment	Woman wearing blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is close to others who are dressed alike.	A woman in a blue-and-white uniform with a white-and-blue hat is holding her mouth open and standing close to other people dressed in the same way.
1505	Entailment	The girl is recklessly jumping into a car	A girl is jumping in the car
1506	Entailment	A man is eating a pizza	A pizza is being eaten by a man
1507	Entailment	A man and two women in a dark room are sitting at a table with candles.	A man and two women in a dark room are sitting at a table with candles.
1508	Entailment	The adult is playing the guitar loudly	A man is playing the loud guitar
1509	Entailment	A man is eating food	The man is eating
1510	Entailment	A motorcycle is being ridden by a man	A man is riding a motorcycle
1511	Entailment	A dog is eating a doll	A dog is biting a doll
1512	Entailment	A man is riding a horse	A horse is being ridden by a man
1513	Entailment	The crowd is watching soccer at the stadium	The crowd is watching a soccer game
1514	Entailment	The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting	The girl is sitting on the couch and doing crochet
1515	Entailment	A big green ball is hitting a potato	A big green ball is striking a potato
1516	Entailment	Standing adults and children are playing in front of steps near a wooded area	Adults and children are standing and playing in front of a staircase near a wooded area
1517	Entailment	A woman is wearing a shirt, which is blue, with a white vest and a white cap, and is talking and walking.	A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white hood and is talking and marching
1518	Entailment	A woman is preparing an egg in a sautese	A woman is cooking an egg in a sautese
1519	Entailment	The turtle is following the red fish	The turtle is following the fish
1520	Entailment	The man on a green bike is performing tricks on the dirt ramp	A man on a green bike is doing tricks on a dirt ramp
1521	Entailment	A person is chopping an onion	A person is dicing an onion
1522	Entailment	The woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry	A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and lots of jewelry.
1523	Entailment	A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling	A teen girl is wearing beads that are red
1524	Entailment	A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge.	A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge
1525	Entailment	A horse is being ridden by a woman	A woman is riding a horse
1526	Entailment	Snowboarder is boldly jumping over white snow	Snowboarder jumps in the air
1527	Entailment	A snowboarder is spinning around a snowdrift	Someone is jumping in the air on a board
1528	Entailment	Two men are doing a very funny sketch with a boxer in front of a crowd of people	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
1529	Entailment	A man is playing an electronic keyboard.	An electronic keyboard is being played by a man
1530	Entailment	The man is being knocked off the horse	Someone is falling off the horse
1531	Entailment	A person is wearing a red jacket and is carefully holding a beer.	A person is wearing a red jacket and holding a beer.
1532	Entailment	A wee boy in a shirt, who is yellow, is laughing at the beach	A wee boy in a yellow shirt is laughing at the beach
1533	Entailment	The patient is being helped by the doctor	The doctor is helping the patient
1534	Entailment	A man is posing to be watched by another man.	A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
1535	Entailment	The women are dancing outside	Some people are dancing.
1536	Entailment	A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and lots of jewelry.	The woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
1537	Entailment	Someone is biking on the sand beside the ocean	A person is riding a bicycle on the sand beside the ocean
1538	Entailment	A man&#39;s face is being painted by a woman	The woman is applying makeup on the man
1539	Entailment	The lady is dicing onions	A woman is cutting an onion
1540	Entailment	A big dog is running on the floor	A dog is running on the floor
1541	Entailment	The man is cleaning the chalkboard drawing	The man is erasing the drawing on the board
1542	Entailment	A man is dancing dangerously on a bedroom ceiling	A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
1543	Entailment	A girl wearing a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes.	The children are surrounding a girl in a brown dress who is closing her eyes
1544	Entailment	A girl with Indian clothes and henna in her hand is going through red tape	A young woman with Indian clothes and henna in her hand is going through red tape
1545	Entailment	A dog is running on the sea coast	A dog is running on the beach
1546	Entailment	The man is walking a path through nature	The man is walking along a track by nature
1547	Entailment	A cat is playing keyboards	A cat is playing a piano
1548	Entailment	A girl is playing a flute	A flute is being played by a girl
1549	Entailment	One small boy is showing his tongue to the camera and another boy is looking	A small boy is showing his tongue at the camera and another boy is looking at him
1550	Entailment	A man in a red jacket is standing near a yellow kayak on some rocks near the ocean.	A man in a red jacket is standing near a yellow kayak on some rocks in the ocean.
1551	Entailment	A red dog is excitedly jumping up and catching a tennis ball with his mouth.	A red dog is jumping and catching a tennis ball in its mouth
1552	Entailment	A woman is breaking an egg in a bowl	An egg is being cracked in a bowl by a woman
1553	Entailment	A band is playing on stage.	A band is performing on stage
1554	Entailment	A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is excitedly running	A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running
1555	Entailment	A furry brown dog is crossing the grassy area	The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
1556	Entailment	An opponent is attacking a soccer player	A soccer player is being pushed by his opponent
1557	Entailment	A guitar is being played by a man	A man is playing the guitar
1558	Entailment	A black and white dog is carrying a big stick in the green grass	A black and white dog is carrying a large stick in the green grass
1559	Entailment	A duck with brown feathers and green head is flapping its wings in the water	A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water
1560	Entailment	A boy in a red shirt stands in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera.	A boy in a red T-shirt stands in front of a long, blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera.
1561	Entailment	A man at the keyboard is playing with his nose	A man is touching the keyboard with his nose
1562	Entailment	A man is dancing	A person is dancing
1563	Entailment	A man is playing the keyboard in a park	A man is playing the keyboard
1564	Entailment	A young man in a white shirt and a black and gold hat is sitting with his legs crossed.	A young person in a white shirt and golden and black hat is sitting with his legs crossed
1565	Entailment	A man on a bike is riding on a lonely wheel	A person on a bicycle is riding on one wheel only.
1566	Entailment	The buttons of a microwave are being pressed by a man	A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
1567	Entailment	A horse is competing in a race	A horse is running
1568	Entailment	A man is singing passionately	A man is singing
1569	Entailment	Sunglasses are being worn by a boy	A boy is wearing sunglasses
1570	Entailment	A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats.	A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing buoys on their arms.
1571	Entailment	Two panda babies are playing	Two pandas are not lying together
1572	Entailment	A woman is slicing a tomato	A woman is cutting a tomato
1573	Entailment	An onion is being sliced by a man	An onion is being cut by a man
1574	Entailment	Some man is dancing	A man is dancing
1575	Entailment	A guitar is being played by a girl	A girl is playing a guitar
1576	Entailment	A group of people are marching	A group of people are walking
1577	Entailment	A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and jumping in.	A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
1578	Entailment	A woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby	The woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby
1579	Entailment	Two boys and one man are playing games in an arcade	Two kids and one man are playing games on a video
1580	Entailment	A man is playing a brilliantly trumpet	A man is playing a trumpet
1581	Entailment	Three boys are carefully walking on the rocks along the river.	Three boys are walking on rocks along a river
1582	Entailment	A very long-haired dog and a red outfit is running in the grass	A dog with long hair and a red outfit is running on the grass
1583	Entailment	The girl in the helmet is perched on a bicycle	The girl with a helmet is perched on a bicycle
1584	Entailment	A woman is riding a horse	An animal is being ridden by a woman
1585	Entailment	A young boy is riding a mountain bike through the mud	A young boy is riding a mountain bike through the mud
1586	Entailment	Kids are being dressed up in costumes and playing a game	Kids are being dressed up in costumes and playing a game
1587	Entailment	People are on a sandy beach near the ocean and are enjoying sunny day.	A lot of people are on the coast
1588	Entailment	The men in brown shorts are walking on the rocks beside a river	The man in brown colored shorts is walking on the rocks beside the river
1589	Entailment	The lady is breaking raw eggs in the bowl	Eggs are being cracked in a bowl by the woman
1590	Entailment	An old woman is shaking hands with a man	An old woman is shaking hands with a man
1591	Entailment	A man is playing the trumpet	The trumpet is being played by a man
1592	Entailment	The boy is riding a bicycle on top of a metal fence	The boy is riding a bicycle on top of a fence made of metal
1593	Entailment	Someone is folding a piece of paper.	An individual is folding a piece of paper.
1594	Entailment	A little girl is playing the piano	A small girl is playing the piano
1595	Entailment	A small girl is smiling and running out of the house	A small girl is smiling and running out
1596	Entailment	A man is performing with the guitar	A man is playing a guitar
1597	Entailment	A man is playing the keyboard	A keyboard is being played by a man
1598	Entailment	A man is exercising	A man is doing physical activity.
1599	Entailment	Two men are sitting on a camel and another camel is in the foreground	Two people are sitting on a camel and another camel is in the foreground
1600	Entailment	A waterfall is flowing calmly into a shallow pool.	A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool.
1601	Entailment	A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children.	A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by children.
1602	Entailment	The cyclist is speeding on a city street	The cyclist is riding a bicycle on a city street.
1603	Entailment	Two girls are laughing breathless and other girls are watching them	Two girls are laughing and other girls are looking at them
1604	Entailment	A man is slicing a bread	A man is slicing bread
1605	Entailment	A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue	The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue
1606	Entailment	Two tall basketball players are fighting for the ball on the court	Two basketball teams are fighting for the ball on court
1607	Entailment	A policeman is sitting tiredly on a motorcycle	The policeman is sitting on the police bike
1608	Entailment	A person is doing stunts on a snowboard	A person is doing a trick on a snowboard
1609	Entailment	A man is recklessly riding a horse	A person is recklessly riding a horse
1610	Entailment	A dog is licking a baby	The dog is licking the baby
1611	Entailment	A lady is surfing and catching a wave	A woman is surfing
1612	Entailment	A man is playing a wooden flute	A wooden flute is played by a man
1613	Entailment	A man is cutting a big rope with a sword.	A man is cutting a rope with a sword.
1614	Entailment	Someone is cutting some paper with scissors	The paper is being cut with scissors
1615	Entailment	A herd of reindeer is crossing a road fast.	A herd of reindeer is crossing a road.
1616	Entailment	A person is riding a bicycle on the sand beside the ocean	Someone is biking on the sand beside the ocean
1617	Entailment	The boys are swinging in straps and kicking each other	People are swinging in handles and kicking each other
1618	Entailment	The piano is being played by a man	A man is playing the piano
1619	Entailment	A woman is slicing meat with a sharp knife	A woman is slicing meat with a knife
1620	Entailment	A potato is being sliced by the woman	A woman is slicing a potato
1621	Entailment	Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on the sand	Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand
1622	Entailment	A young Asian woman wearing pink colored gloves is standing in the snow	A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow
1623	Entailment	A guy is mowing the lawn	The grass is being cut by a man
1624	Entailment	An old woman is shaking hands with a man	A man and a woman are shaking hands.
1625	Entailment	A black dog is running through a rocky landscape	A dog is running through a rocky landscape
1626	Entailment	The weights are being lifted by the man.	The man is lifting weights
1627	Entailment	The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette	A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat
1628	Entailment	An american football player is wearing red and white sash	American football player is wearing a red and white sash
1629	Entailment	A woman is boiling pasta in the water	Someone is stirring the food in the water
1630	Entailment	Some people and cars are on a crowded street.	Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street.
1631	Entailment	Two brown dogs are playing a red ball and are playing in the grass	Two brown dogs are fighting for a red toy and are playing in the grass
1632	Entailment	The sun is shining on the face of the girl in the yellow dress	The sun is shining on the face of the girl in the yellow-dyed dress
1633	Entailment	The woman wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow	A woman wearing pink gloves and brown jacket is smiling in the snow.
1634	Entailment	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work on the blackboard	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work from the panel.
1635	Entailment	A man is pouring oil into a sautese	Oil is being poured into a sautese by a man
1636	Entailment	A lemur is eating fast.	The animal with big eyes is eating
1637	Entailment	The man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar	A man is sitting on the floor in a room and is strumming a guitar
1638	Entailment	A man is doing a trick with a bike in midair	A man is doing a bike trick in midair
1639	Entailment	A man is eating some food	The man is eating
1640	Entailment	Three dogs are resting on the sidewalk	Three dogs are resting on the pavement
1641	Entailment	One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman	A woman is receiving volleyballs
1642	Entailment	A man is talking to a girl with an internet camera	A man is talking to a girl using an internet camera.
1643	Entailment	A man and a woman are running together and holding hands.	A couple is running and holding hands
1644	Entailment	A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog	A brown dog is staring intently at a brown and white dog
1645	Entailment	A black dog is walking through some tall grass	The black dog is walking through the tall grass
1646	Entailment	A man is playing a guitar passionately in front of an audience.	A person is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience
1647	Entailment	The boy is riding a bicycle on top of a metal fence	The cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence
1648	Entailment	A man is slicing onions	A man is chopping onions
1649	Entailment	The man is deftly playing the guitar	The man is playing a guitar
1650	Entailment	A man is pointing to a silver sedan	A man is pointing at a car.
1651	Entailment	A couple of boys are playing a video game	Two boys are playing a video game
1652	Entailment	The woman is cooking something carefully	The woman is cooking something
1653	Entailment	A man is slicing an onion	An onion is being sliced by a man
1654	Entailment	Tofu is being sliced by a woman	A woman is slicing tofu
1655	Entailment	The person is boiling noodles	One person is boiling pasta
1656	Entailment	The goal is being saved by a yellow team hockey player	A yellow shirt hockey player is protecting the goal
1657	Entailment	A group of people are walking on the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone.	A group of people are walking down the street and a person in a hat is on the phone
1658	Entailment	The boy and the girl are playing happily and wearing arm floats	The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats
1659	Entailment	The dog is licking the baby	A dog is licking a baby
1660	Entailment	A child is playing with a water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching	The child is playing with the outdoor water fountain and the rest of the family is watching
1661	Entailment	A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword.	A man is cutting a rope with a sword.
1662	Entailment	A couple is running towards the ocean	A couple is running towards the water
1663	Entailment	A shrewd badger is digging the earth	The badger is digging a hole
1664	Entailment	The quiet young girl is lying on the grass in the pink shirt	The young girl with pink shirt is quietly lying on the grass
1665	Entailment	A woman is walking the dog on the street	The woman is walking the dog
1666	Entailment	The dog is catching a blue ball	A blue ball is being caught by the dog
1667	Entailment	The horse is being ridden by the girl	The girl is riding a horse
1668	Entailment	The man is riding a mechanical bull	A man is riding a mechanical bull.
1669	Entailment	A hamster is singing	A little animal is singing
1670	Entailment	The boy is playing a guitar	A child is playing a guitar
1671	Entailment	A woman and a dog are sitting quietly on a tree stump.	A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump
1672	Entailment	A shirtless man is driving a cart being pulled by a horse	A shirtless man is leading a horse pulling a cart
1673	Entailment	A large duck is flying over a rocky stream.	A big duck is flying above a rocky stream
1674	Entailment	A man and two women in a dark room are sitting at a table with candles.	The group of people are sitting in a dark room
1675	Entailment	Some men are fighting	A group of men are fighting
1676	Entailment	A man is wearing a hat that is hard and is dancing	A man is wearing a protective helmet and dancing.
1677	Entailment	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car
1678	Entailment	A man is riding an electric bike	A person is riding an electric bike
1679	Entailment	An asian woman in the crowd is carrying a black bag	An Asian woman among many people is carrying a black bag
1680	Entailment	A person is brushing a cat	A cat&#39;s hair is being combed by a person
1681	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	A man is playing an instrument
1682	Entailment	The golden dog is crossing a field of tall grass	A golden dog is running across a field of tall grass
1683	Entailment	A woman is boiling eggs	Eggs are being boiled by the woman
1684	Entailment	A young child is climbing a climbing wall that is in a covered area.	A small child is climbing a climbing wall within a covered area.
1685	Entailment	Few ferrets are climbing out of the cage.	Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage
1686	Entailment	A young-looking child is standing in front of some trees	A young child is standing in front of some trees.
1687	Entailment	A skier dressed in black is taking a little breath	A black skier is getting some air
1688	Entailment	A dog, which is small, is chasing a big brown cow	A little dog is chasing a big brown cow
1689	Entailment	A man is sneezing with a cup of water in the dog&#39;s mouth	The man is splashing water with a water gun in the dog&#39;s mouth
1690	Entailment	Two women are standing firmly in front of a plywood wall	Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall
1691	Entailment	The children are surrounding a girl in a brown dress who is closing her eyes	A girl wearing a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes.
1692	Entailment	The man is lifting dumbbells	The weights are being lifted by the man.
1693	Entailment	A bride with a black veil is looking down.	A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil
1694	Entailment	A man is standing on the roof top and is playing a violin	A man is standing on a roof.
1695	Entailment	A panda is eating a piece of bamboo.	A panda bear is eating some bamboo
1696	Entailment	A toy train is violently hitting a toy car	A toy train is hitting a toy car
1697	Entailment	The woman is casting shadow	A woman is applying cosmetics on her eyelid.
1698	Entailment	A man is putting some cheese on a pizza	Cheese is being put on a pizza by a man
1699	Entailment	A woman is expertly playing a flute	The woman is playing the flute
1700	Entailment	A man is playing guitar near a drummer.	A guitar is being played by a man next to a drummer
1701	Entailment	A karate practitioner is kicking another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.	A karate practitioner is kicking another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.
1702	Entailment	A young-looking boy wearing a red swimwear is jumping into a blue children&#39;s pool	A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping in a blue kids pool
1703	Entailment	A woman is breaking eggs	A woman is cracking eggs
1704	Entailment	A woman is cutting meat into pieces	A lady is cutting meat into pieces
1705	Entailment	The man is carefully feeding the snake with a mouse	The man is carefully feeding a snake with a mouse
1706	Entailment	A door is being opened by a man.	A man is opening a door.
1707	Entailment	The man is carefully feeding the snake with a mouse	A snake is being fed by a mouse by a man.
1708	Entailment	A small girl is playing a grand piano on stage	A small girl is playing a very large piano on the stage.
1709	Entailment	The man is playing a game on the grass.	The man is playing a game on the lawn.
1710	Entailment	A small girl in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and bouncing	A small girl wearing a pink shirt is playing t-ball and bouncing
1711	Entailment	The man is talking on the phone	The man is talking on the phone.
1712	Entailment	A man on a bike is pedaling on the beach	A man on a bike is riding on the coast
1713	Entailment	A man is riding a horse	The man is riding a horse
1714	Entailment	A man is doing some tricks with a soccer ball	A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball
1715	Entailment	The little dog is lovingly catching the slipper	The little dog is grabbing the slipper with its mouth
1716	Entailment	A man is getting into a car in a garage	A man is getting into a car
1717	Entailment	A girl is communicating with sign language	A young girl is using sign language
1718	Entailment	Some young cyclists are taking a mountain bike up the sandy hill	Some young cyclists are taking a mountain bike up the sandy hill.
1719	Entailment	A barefoot woman is sitting on a blanket under a lilac umbrella	A woman without shoes is sitting with a blanket under a lilac umbrella
1720	Entailment	A group of people are wading through the water.	Two people are wading by the water
1721	Entailment	Young woman in red dyed shirt is blowing a bubble that is giant	The girl in the red shirt is blowing a bubble
1722	Entailment	A white and brown dog is struggling anxiously through the water	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water
1723	Entailment	Some people are walking	People are walking
1724	Entailment	Three kids are running down the hill	Three infants are running downhill
1725	Entailment	A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with his bare hands.	The young man is practicing climbing
1726	Entailment	Two panda babies are playing	Two puppies are playing
1727	Entailment	The man is typing on a machine used for shorthand	A man is typing on a machine used for shorthand
1728	Entailment	Tall person is setting the cameras on fire	The person is setting the cameras on fire
1729	Entailment	A small girl is hitting a baseball in a stand	A small girl is hitting a ball in a stand
1730	Entailment	One dog is catching a stick in the air and another is watching	One dog is jumping high in the air and another is watching
1731	Entailment	The man is standing stably beside a bird cage	A man is standing next to a bird cage.
1732	Entailment	A family is posing by the fireplace and the Christmas tree	The family is posing by the fireplace and the Christmas tree
1733	Entailment	Two young boys are eating rolls	Two young boys are eating rolls
1734	Entailment	The cat is licking a bottle	A bottle is being licked by the cat
1735	Entailment	A man is tying the shoe	A man is tying a shoe
1736	Entailment	A cat is stuck in the shovel of a moving fan	A cat is trapped in a moving ceiling fan
1737	Entailment	This person is cutting an onion	A person is cutting an onion
1738	Entailment	A person is absently cutting mushrooms with a knife	A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.
1739	Entailment	A little bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers.	The little bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers.
1740	Entailment	A small dog is running and its owner is trying to catch it.	The little dog is running and the person who owns it is trying to catch him
1741	Entailment	Someone is standing on a mountain top	A person is standing on the top of the mountain
1742	Entailment	A boy is sitting comfortably in a room and playing the piano near a lamp	A boy is sitting in a room and is playing the piano next to a lamp
1743	Entailment	The boys are chasing each other in the sand	The boys are chasing each other in the sand
1744	Entailment	A woman is using a sewing machine.	A woman is sewing with a machine
1745	Entailment	The man is riding a mountain bike	A man is prancing on a mountain bike
1746	Entailment	An old man is sitting on a bench	An old person is sitting on a bench
1747	Entailment	People are clustered around a campfire at night	People are sitting around a campfire at night.
1748	Entailment	The woman is putting on makeup	A woman is putting on makeup
1749	Entailment	The boy is playing the piano	The boy is playing a musical instrument
1750	Entailment	Someone is boiling okra in a pan	An individual is boiling okra in a pan
1751	Entailment	A person is quickly cutting mushrooms with a knife.	A man is quickly mincing some mushrooms with a knife
1752	Entailment	A man is standing on top of the rocks with clouds behind.	Some man is standing on top of rocks with clouds behind
1753	Entailment	A black dog is moving along a rocky terrain.	A black dog is running through a rocky landscape
1754	Entailment	The lady is breaking eggs that are raw in a bowl	The woman is cracking eggs in a bowl
1755	Entailment	A monkey is riding a bicycle	A monkey is riding a bike
1756	Entailment	A banana is being peeled by one person	A person is peeling a banana
1757	Entailment	Someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood with a drill	Someone is drilling a hole in a wood strip with a drill
1758	Entailment	A person is burning some cameras with a blowtorch	The person is setting the cameras on fire
1759	Entailment	A brown dog is jumping over a red obstacle	A red obstacle is being jumped by a big brown dog
1760	Entailment	A young child with black hair is taking a picture with a camera	A young child with black hair is taking a picture with a camera
1761	Entailment	The piano is being played by someone	Someone is playing the piano
1762	Entailment	A man is looking at the horizon and people are walking through buildings behind him.	A person is looking far away and people are walking between buildings behind
1763	Entailment	A container is being shaken over a sink in the kitchen by a man	A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
1764	Entailment	The deer is jumping over the low fence	The deer is jumping over the fence
1765	Entailment	The lady is breaking raw eggs in the bowl	The lady is breaking eggs that are raw in a bowl
1766	Entailment	A kitten is playing with a blue toy rope	A kitten is playing with a toy.
1767	Entailment	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over an obstacle.	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over the obstacle.
1768	Entailment	People are playing cricket	Some people are playing cricket
1769	Entailment	A bicycle is being held by a cyclist over his head in a group of people.	A cyclist is holding a bicycle over his head in a group of people.
1770	Entailment	A horse is being ridden by a guy	A guy is riding a horse
1771	Entailment	A man is frying a tortilla	A man is frying food
1772	Entailment	Broccoli is being stung by a woman	A woman is chopping broccoli
1773	Entailment	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.	Two men are doing a very funny sketch with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
1774	Entailment	A man is riding a motorcycle around the city	A man is riding a motorcycle
1775	Entailment	A woman is slicing a fish	A woman is cutting a fish
1776	Entailment	A dog is playing alone on a snow covered beach	A dog is playing alone on the snow-covered coast.
1777	Entailment	A man is playing a guitar	A guitar is being played by a man
1778	Entailment	A father is playing his daughter in the pool	A father is launching his daughter into a pool
1779	Entailment	The man is riding a mountain bike	A man on a bike is riding on a lonely wheel
1780	Entailment	The girl is recklessly jumping into a car	The girl is recklessly jumping into a vehicle
1781	Entailment	A child is walking down the street and a jeep is approaching	A child is coming down the street and a jeep is stopping
1782	Entailment	A woman in a dyed yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard.	A surfer is riding the wave
1783	Entailment	A furry brown dog is crossing the grassy area	The brown dog is playing outdoors
1784	Entailment	A man is eating a bowl of cereal.	Cereal is being eaten by man
1785	Entailment	A man is dancing with a used helmet	A man with a hard hat is dancing
1786	Entailment	One woman and three men are posing for the picture.	Three men and one woman are posing for a photo
1787	Entailment	Someone is beating an egg	An individual is beating an egg
1788	Entailment	A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette.	The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette
1789	Entailment	Several people are passing the border of a bridge	Many people are walking in line across a bridge.
1790	Entailment	The man is riding a horse near a current	A man is riding a horse
1791	Entailment	A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a turn on the track.	The white rally car is throwing mud in the air and is approaching a bend in the track
1792	Entailment	The piano is being played by someone	Someone is playing the piano
1793	Entailment	The lady is peeling the potato	A potato is being peeled by a woman
1794	Entailment	Students are filling the classroom	A classroom is full of students
1795	Entailment	A girl is playing a flute	A wind instrument is being played by a girl
1796	Entailment	The parrot is surprisingly speaking into the microphone.	A parrot is talking
1797	Entailment	A chef is cooking a meal	A chef is preparing some food
1798	Entailment	The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog	The white dog wearing reindeer ears is next to a brown dog
1799	Entailment	The man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar	A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
1800	Entailment	A white dog is standing in the leaves on the ground.	A dog, which is white, is standing in the fallen leaves.
1801	Entailment	The boy is mowing the grass near the sidewalk with scissors	A boy is mowing the lawn with shears
1802	Entailment	A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike	A black helmet is being worn by a man pushing a bike
1803	Entailment	A fish is being cut by a man	A man is cutting a fish
1804	Entailment	A small child is sitting in a seat	A small child is sitting
1805	Entailment	A baby is crawling happily	The baby is crawling happily
1806	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	A man is playing the guitar
1807	Entailment	The girl in the black hat is wearing a bikini on the beach	A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
1808	Entailment	A small black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the middle of the leaves with a blue ball.	A tiny black dog is wearing a red collar and is among the leaves with a blue ball.
1809	Entailment	A cat is opening a drawer and jumping in.	A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
1810	Entailment	A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some soda cans	A young man with brown hair and dark glasses is sitting in front of some soda cans
1811	Entailment	A woman is cooking empanada pork chop	The woman is frying a breaded pork chop
1812	Entailment	The dog is standing with both front paws on a rock in the field.	A dog standing on both front paws on a rock in a field
1813	Entailment	A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge	A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge.
1814	Entailment	The child is playing with the outdoor water fountain and the rest of the family is watching	A child is playing with a water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching
1815	Entailment	A bearded man is standing near a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign.	Some bearded man is standing near a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign.
1816	Entailment	A lemur is being petted by a woman	A woman is caressing a lemur
1817	Entailment	A big wave is being surfed by a surfer through the dark green water.	A surfer is riding a big wave through the dark green water
1818	Entailment	A boy is jumping out of the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building.	A boy is jumping out of the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
1819	Entailment	A man and a woman are talking	A man and a woman are having a conversation.
1820	Entailment	The dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on it	A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on it
1821	Entailment	A dog is swimming behind a tennis ball	A dog is swimming behind the ball
1822	Entailment	A white race car is going through a puddle	A white racing vehicle is going through a puddle
1823	Entailment	A man is jumping from a low wall	A man is jumping over a wall
1824	Entailment	A woman is clumsily putting meat in a frying pan	A woman is putting meat in a frying pan
1825	Entailment	A police officer is sitting on a motorcycle	The policeman is sitting on the police bike
1826	Entailment	A man is running down the road	Some man is running down the road
1827	Entailment	A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the yard.	A dog with a blue blanket is running across the grass
1828	Entailment	A man is climbing upwards on a rope.	The man is climbing up a rope
1829	Entailment	A woman is slicing a vegetable	The woman is cutting a vegetable
1830	Entailment	Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers	Several young people are posing for a photo and holding drinks
1831	Entailment	Two people are driving a motorcycle	Two people are riding a motorcycle
1832	Entailment	An asian woman is holding a fur scarf	A fur scarf is being held by an asian woman
1833	Entailment	A large duck is flying over a rocky stream.	A seabird is flying over some rocks
1834	Entailment	Someone is typing on the keyboard	Someone is typing on a keyboard
1835	Entailment	A small boy is singing and playing the guitar	The small child is singing and playing guitar
1836	Entailment	A biker is riding a motorcycle dangerously down the highway	A biker is riding the motorcycle along the highway
1837	Entailment	A man is performing with a guitar	A man is playing a guitar
1838	Entailment	The lady is carefully slicing the meat	The lady is slicing the meat
1839	Entailment	The woman is breaking two eggs inside a glass bowl	A woman is breaking an egg in a bowl
1840	Entailment	A man is doing exercises.	A person is doing exercises.
1841	Entailment	A man is slicing a carrot confidently with the knife	A man is cutting a carrot with a knife
1842	Entailment	A woman is cooking eggs	The woman is cooking eggs
1843	Entailment	A woman is cutting meat	There&#39;s no woman chopping an onion
1844	Entailment	The woman is wearing large sunglasses and is holding newspapers in both hands	A woman is wearing oversized sunglasses and is holding newspapers in both hands.
1845	Entailment	A lemon is being squeezed by a woman	A woman is squeezing juice from a lemon.
1846	Entailment	The lady is stirring meat in a bowl	A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.
1847	Entailment	A woman cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a man cheerleader	A woman cheerleader is sitting on a man&#39;s knee
1848	Entailment	The soccer player is kicking the ball between someone&#39;s legs	A person is kicking a soccer field ball between someone&#39;s feet
1849	Entailment	A man is singing and playing a guitar	A man is playing a guitar
1850	Entailment	A chubby-faced boy is wearing sunglasses	Sunglasses are being worn by a boy
1851	Entailment	Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd	The women are singing and dancing
1852	Entailment	The woman is cracking eggs in a bowl	Eggs are being cracked in a bowl by the woman
1853	Entailment	The machine is sharpening the end of a pencil	A pencil is being sharpened
1854	Entailment	Snowboarder is jumping over from white snow.	Snowboarder jumps in the air
1855	Entailment	Orange rescue boat is running through the water	The rescue boat, which is orange, is running through the water.
1856	Entailment	Several women wearing pink bunny ears are pointing to the right.	A group of women are wearing pink rabbit ears and are pointing to the right.
1857	Entailment	A squirrel is running in circles.	An animal is running in circles.
1858	Entailment	A woman is wearing a hearing protector and is firing a gun on a covered shooting range.	A woman is shooting a practice target
1859	Entailment	A person is wrapping a tortilla	A tortilla is being folded by one person
1860	Entailment	A sea turtle is looking for fish	A sea turtle is looking for food
1861	Entailment	A woman is chopping garlic	A woman is slicing garlic
1862	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	The man is playing the guitar
1863	Entailment	The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy	A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man
1864	Entailment	A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door.	The children are playing in front of a very large door.
1865	Entailment	A cat is jumping into a container	A cat is jumping in a box
1866	Entailment	A man is standing next to a bird cage that is large and colorful.	A man is standing next to a bird cage.
1867	Entailment	An older man and woman are riding a bicycle on the boardwalk near the water	A middle-aged man and woman are riding bicycles along a road beside the water.
1868	Entailment	The woman is happily playing an acoustic guitar and singing	The woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing
1869	Entailment	Lama is covering a topless woman	A topless woman is being covered in mud.
1870	Entailment	The boys are wearing swimwear and water is splashing around	Kids are wearing swimwear and water is splashing around
1871	Entailment	Someone is holding a hedgehog	Someone is holding a little animal
1872	Entailment	A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man.	A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man.
1873	Entailment	A dog, which is caramel, is running through the bush	A caramel dog is running through the bush
1874	Entailment	The man is riding a horse near a stream	A man is riding a horse
1875	Entailment	A bicycle is being pedaled by a woman wearing costume and paint on a busy street.	A woman is wearing costume and paint and is riding a bicycle on a busy street.
1876	Entailment	A keyboard is being played by one person	A person is playing a keyboard
1877	Entailment	A man is wearing a red jacket and standing next to a red canoe on some rocks with water in the background.	A man in a red jacket is standing near a yellow kayak on some rocks near the ocean.
1878	Entailment	A girl is applying makeup on her face	The girl is applying makeup on her face
1879	Entailment	An oversize dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth	A big dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
1880	Entailment	A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.	A person is slicing garlic into pieces with a knife
1881	Entailment	The flute is being played by the woman	The woman is playing the flute
1882	Entailment	A man is cutting a potato	A man is slicing a potato into pieces
1883	Entailment	A flute is played by man	The man is playing a flute
1884	Entailment	Big brown dog is running out in the dirt	The big brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt
1885	Entailment	A man is holding a handstand at the beach	A handstand is being held by a man on the beach.
1886	Entailment	The panda is eating bamboo	Some bamboo is being eaten by a panda bear
1887	Entailment	The dog is chasing a ball in the grass	A dog is chasing a ball in the grass
1888	Entailment	A man is playing the drums	The drums are being played by man
1889	Entailment	A little boy, who looks scared, is on a climbing wall	An afraid little boy is on a climbing wall.
1890	Entailment	A horse is jumping over the hurdle and has a rider on his back.	A horse and his rider are jumping over a barrier
1891	Entailment	A lot of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door.	A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door.
1892	Entailment	Red and white soccer players are jumping and hugging	Some red and white soccer players are jumping and hugging
1893	Entailment	A man with a hard hat is dancing	A man is wearing a hat that is hard and is dancing
1894	Entailment	The man is singing and playing the guitar	A man is playing the guitar
1895	Entailment	One dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth	One dog is chasing another and is holding a piece of wood in its mouth
1896	Entailment	A man is cutting a potato into pieces.	A man is slicing a potato into pieces
1897	Entailment	The small boy with brown hair is jumping from a brown chair to the floor	A small boy with brown hair is jumping from the brown chair to the floor.
1898	Entailment	A person is writing something down with a pencil.	The person is writing with a pencil
1899	Entailment	A man is quickly mincing some mushrooms with a knife	A man is speedily chopping some mushrooms with a knife
1900	Entailment	A man is eating a pizza	A man is eating some food
1901	Entailment	The man is playing a guitar	The guitar is being played by the man
1902	Entailment	A group of children are playing in a structure that is colorful.	A group of children are playing in a colorful structure.
1903	Entailment	A man is mixing vegetables in a pan	A person is stirring vegetables in a pan
1904	Entailment	The parrot is talking	A parrot is talking
1905	Entailment	A dog is chasing a ball in the grass	A dog is running after a ball in the grass
1906	Entailment	A woman is squeezing a lemon	A lemon is being squeezed by a woman
1907	Entailment	Two little boys are playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass	Two kids are playing with a ball in the park
1908	Entailment	A woman is putting the baby in a trash can	A baby is being put in a bin by a woman
1909	Entailment	A man is cutting a cord with a sword.	A man is cutting a rope with a sword.
1910	Entailment	A boy is hitting a baseball	A child is hitting a baseball
1911	Entailment	The black dog is walking the grass and running with his tongue hanging out	A black dog is running in the grass
1912	Entailment	A tree is falling over a bridge made over a river a dog is crossing	A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree.
1913	Entailment	Garlic is being diced by a woman	The woman is dicing garlic
1914	Entailment	A woman is opening a soda and drinking	A soda is being opened and taken by a woman
1915	Entailment	A baby is playing with a doll	A baby is playing with a toy
1916	Entailment	Swimmers are competing in a lake	Some swimmers are competing in a lake
1917	Entailment	A man is playing the drums	The drums are being played by man
1918	Entailment	A ball is being chased by a dog in the grass	A dog is chasing a ball in the grass
1919	Entailment	Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in the water	Two dogs are looking at something that is struggling in the water
1920	Entailment	A little cat is drinking fresh milk	The milk is being drunk by a cat
1921	Entailment	A dog is playing with a toy	The dog is having fun with a toy
1922	Entailment	A woman is catching and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms.	The woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby
1923	Entailment	A woman is slicing an onion	An onion is being sliced by a woman
1924	Entailment	The lady is slicing a tomato	Someone is cutting a tomato
1925	Entailment	A child is splashing water in a paddling pool and other boys are playing in the background.	A child is splashing water in a paddling pool and other boys are playing in the background.
1926	Entailment	A lion is walking slowly	A lion is slowly moving
1927	Entailment	A child in green and white sports uniform is running over the grass	A child in green and white sports uniform is running on the grass
1928	Entailment	Someone is stirring noodles in the water	Someone is stirring the food in the water
1929	Entailment	A woman is cooking fish	Fish is being cooked by a woman
1930	Entailment	Some little rolls are being eaten by two young children who are in a stroller, which is very tiny	Two young children are eating rolls
1931	Entailment	A lady is cutting some meat precisely	A lady is cutting meat into pieces
1932	Entailment	Vegetables are being put in a pan by a man	A man is putting vegetables in a pan
1933	Entailment	A young boy is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms open	A boy, who is young, is jumping in the air with his knees bent and his arms open
1934	Entailment	A dog with black coat is standing in the shallow	A black dog is standing in the shallow
1935	Entailment	A woman is catching and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms.	A woman is holding and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms.
1936	Entailment	A man is playing a big flute	A big flute is being played by a man
1937	Entailment	A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl.	A man is adding pieces of butter to a mixing bowl.
1938	Entailment	A man is playing a bamboo flute	A flute is played by man
1939	Entailment	A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree.	A man is dangerously throwing knives at the tree.
1940	Entailment	A man in a white hat is playing guitar on the stage.	The man in the white hat is playing the guitar on stage
1941	Entailment	A person is folding a piece of paper.	Someone is folding a piece of paper.
1942	Entailment	A child is splashing water in the ocean	A child is splashing water
1943	Entailment	The guitar is being played by a man	A man is playing the guitar
1944	Entailment	A man and a child are kayaking through the calm waters	Man and child are kayaking across calm waters
1945	Entailment	Two dogs are jumping across snowy grass and rocks.	Two dogs are jumping across the snowy grass and rocks
1946	Entailment	A toy train is crashing into a toy car	A toy train is hitting a toy car
1947	Entailment	A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door.	Children are playing in front of a large door.
1948	Entailment	A man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is in another man.	The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on someone else.
1949	Entailment	A cheetah is stalking its prey breathless across a field	A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
1950	Entailment	A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.	A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.
1951	Entailment	A woman is chopping a red onion	A woman is chopping an onion
1952	Entailment	The little child is wading through the water and being guided by someone else	The little child is walking by the water and being guided by someone else
1953	Entailment	The man and the woman are walking through the woods	The man and the woman are walking
1954	Entailment	Some man is running down the road	A man is running down the road
1955	Entailment	A badger is cunningly digging the earth	A shrewd badger is digging the earth
1956	Entailment	A man is shooting with a shotgun.	A man is shooting with a shotgun.
1957	Entailment	A Middle Eastern man is standing leaning against a pole near other people.	A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded
1958	Entailment	A man is slicing tomatoes	A man is cutting tomatoes
1959	Entailment	A man is tying a shoe	A shoe is being tied by a man
1960	Entailment	A cheetah is stalking its prey breathless across a field	A cheetah is running fast after its prey
1961	Entailment	A woman is squeezing a lemon	The woman is squeezing juice from a lemon
1962	Entailment	Two cats are fighting each other playfully	The cats are playing with each other
1963	Entailment	A woman is playing an electric guitar	A woman is playing an electric guitar
1964	Entailment	A dog is walking along the snowdrift	A dog is walking along a snowdrift
1965	Entailment	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes	A person pours oil on some tomatoes
1966	Entailment	Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach	Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
1967	Entailment	The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach	The man is setting up a camera and takes photographs of a sunset on a beach.
1968	Entailment	The cats are playing with each other	Some cats are playing with each other.
1969	Entailment	A man is slicing a fish	A fish is being sliced by a man
1970	Entailment	A small boy in a striped shirt is slipping out of a green tube	A wee boy in a striped shirt is slipping out of a green tube
1971	Entailment	Orange biker is riding the motorcycle on one wheel	The orange dressed biker is driving the motorcycle on a wheel
1972	Entailment	A man is putting some cheese on a pizza	The man is sprinkling cheese on pizza
1973	Entailment	A man is talking to a woman	A man and a woman are talking.
1974	Entailment	Tofu is being sliced by a woman	Some tofu is being sliced by a woman
1975	Entailment	The black dog is walking the grass and running with his tongue hanging out	A black dog is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth
1976	Entailment	A boy is running on the beach	A boy is going through the sand
1977	Entailment	A kitten is playing with a blue toy rope	A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope.
1978	Entailment	A woman is being massaged by a man	A man is massaging a woman
1979	Entailment	A baseball is being held in the mouth by a black and white dog.	A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth.
1980	Entailment	A black dog is running in the grass	The black dog is walking the grass and running with his tongue hanging out
1981	Entailment	A cute puppy is repeatedly rolling back and forth with its back on the floor.	A dog is rolling around
1982	Entailment	A horse is jumping over the hurdle and has a rider on his back.	An obstacle is being jumped by a horse that has a rider on its back.
1983	Entailment	Man is making a handstand on the wet shore at the water&#39;s edge on the beach.	A man is holding a handstand at the beach
1984	Entailment	Four boys are bridging the park	Four boys are bridging the park
1985	Entailment	A man and two women in a dark room are sitting at a table with candles.	The group of people are sitting in a room that is dark
1986	Entailment	The man is playing the piano with his nose	The keyboard is being touched with the nose by a man
1987	Entailment	A man is doing exercises on the floor.	The man is doing floor exercises
1988	Entailment	A white dog is standing on top of fallen leaves.	A dog, which is white, is standing in the fallen leaves.
1989	Entailment	A jet plane is flying	A plane is flying
1990	Entailment	A woman is dancing gracefully on a stage.	A woman is dancing on a stage.
1991	Entailment	The guitar is being played by a man	The guitar is being played by the man
1992	Entailment	A man is playing an acoustic guitar	A man is playing an acoustic guitar.
1993	Entailment	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car
1994	Entailment	A pink shirt with white writing is being worn by a girl lying on the grass	A girl is wearing a pink shirt that has white writing and is lying on the grass
1995	Entailment	A man is cutting a slice of bread.	A man is slicing a bread
1996	Entailment	A brown puppy is pulling a metal pole that is stuck to the floor	A brown dog is gnawing on a metal pole that is stuck to the ground.
1997	Entailment	A woman is putting makeup on her eyelid	A woman is applying cosmetics on her eyelid.
1998	Entailment	A skateboarder is performing stunts on the track.	A man is skateboarding on a track
1999	Entailment	A man is catching a fish	The man is catching a fish
2000	Entailment	The young girl with pink shirt is quietly lying on the grass	The quiet young girl is lying on the grass in the pink shirt
2001	Entailment	The man is slicing the potato	A potato is being sliced by man
2002	Entailment	The blonde girl in the pink blouse is smiling happily and wearing funny glasses with a big nose attached	The blonde girl in the pink blouse is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a big nose attached
2003	Entailment	An image is being drawn by a man	A man is drawing a picture
2004	Entailment	A man is driving a car.	A car is being driven by a man
2005	Entailment	A man on a bike is pedaling on the beach	A person is riding a bicycle on the sand beside the ocean
2006	Entailment	A dog is biting a can	A can is being bitten by a dog
2007	Entailment	A brown dog is jumping in the air	A dog is jumping in the air
2008	Entailment	A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm	A dog is gathering a flock of white sheep on a dusty farm
2009	Entailment	A fur scarf is being held by an asian woman	An asian woman is holding a fur scarf
2010	Entailment	A woman is sitting and looking at a waterfall	A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall
2011	Entailment	A truck is speeding down the hill	A truck is speeding down a hill
2012	Entailment	The men are chopping wood	Some men are sawing.
2013	Entailment	The dog in the red-dyed outfit is running in the field	The red-haired dog is running in the field
2014	Entailment	A person is pouring olive oil into a pan on the stove	A person is pouring cooking oil into a pan
2015	Entailment	Runners are competing around the track	Runners are competing in a race.
2016	Entailment	A man is playing a guitar	A man is playing an instrument
2017	Entailment	Two men are holding bikes and standing beside a snow covered road	Two men with bikes stand on the side of a snowy road
2018	Entailment	A man is climbing a cliff with a rope.	A man is climbing the cliff with a rope.
2019	Entailment	A large ball of green color is hitting a potato	A big green ball is dropping a potato
2020	Entailment	A band is performing on stage	A band is playing on a stage.
2021	Entailment	Doctors are healing a man	Doctors are reviving a man
2022	Entailment	A small boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing	Small boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
2023	Entailment	A woman is expertly playing a flute	A woman is playing a flute
2024	Entailment	A black bird is sitting on a dead tree.	A bird, which is black, is sitting on a dead tree.
2025	Entailment	A man is riding a motorcycle	A motorcycle is being ridden by a man
2026	Entailment	Some pieces of butter are being added in the mixer	Chunks of butter are being added to the mixer
2027	Entailment	The man is sitting on the train and rests his hand against his face	A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face.
2028	Entailment	The puppy is playing with a container made of plastic.	The puppy is playing with a plastic container
2029	Entailment	The plane is landing	A plane is landing
2030	Entailment	A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head.	A woman is wearing an Egyptian cap
2031	Entailment	A man is slicing a red tomato	A man is slicing a tomato
2032	Entailment	A sports uniform is being worn by a man running across the field.	A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field.
2033	Entailment	Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street.	Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city
2034	Entailment	A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field.	A sports uniform is being worn by a man running across the field.
2035	Entailment	The dark-skinned man is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building	The dark-skinned man is on one hand in front of a yellow building
2036	Entailment	Two little boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor.	Two little-looking boys in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpet floor
2037	Entailment	A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach.	A group of people are on a beach
2038	Entailment	A deer is jumping over a fence	The deer is jumping over a fence
2039	Entailment	A man in a hat is playing the harp	A man is playing an instrument
2040	Entailment	The dog is running through the wet sand	The dog is moving across the wet sand
2041	Entailment	A woman is cutting some meat	A woman is cutting meat
2042	Entailment	An oriental man and two women are staring at a camera.	A group of people are standing together and looking at the camera.
2043	Entailment	The cyclist is looking at an accident of another cyclist	The person riding a bicycle is looking at an accident of another cyclist
2044	Entailment	Two dogs are running fast through a park	Two dogs are running through the park
2045	Entailment	Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of yellow flowers.	Two adults are standing on a scooter in a flower field
2046	Entailment	A man is slicing a potato into pieces	a man is cutting a potato
2047	Entailment	The brown dog and the gray dog are playing in the snow	Two dogs are playing in the snow
2048	Entailment	Carrot is being sliced by a woman	A woman is slicing a carrot
2049	Entailment	A woman is playing a flute	The flute is being played by the woman
2050	Entailment	The red fantasy woman is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument	The red fantasy woman is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument
2051	Entailment	A horse is being ridden by a girl	A girl is riding a horse
2052	Entailment	The woman is cutting cooked octopus	The woman is slicing cooked octopus
2053	Entailment	The cheetah is running fast after its prey	A cheetah is running fast after its prey
2054	Entailment	Some fish are swimming.	This fish is swimming
2055	Entailment	A small boy is running on the floor and playing with the small girl	The small boy is running on the floor and playing with a small girl
2056	Entailment	People are on a sandy beach near the ocean and are enjoying sunny day.	People are on a sandy beach near the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day.
2057	Entailment	The lady is peeling the potato	The potato is being peeled by the lady
2058	Entailment	A man is feeding a mouse to the snake.	A snake is being fed by a mouse by a man.
2059	Entailment	Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees.	Some people are sitting on a bench under palm trees.
2060	Entailment	A group of people are standing around a stereo	A group of people are standing around a soundboard.
2061	Entailment	The person is driving a motorcycle on a sand trail	The person is riding a motorcycle on a sandy track
2062	Entailment	The guitar is being played by a man	A man is playing the guitar
2063	Entailment	A big green ball is striking a potato	A big green ball is dropping a potato
2064	Entailment	A child is making a snowball	A snowball is being made by a child
2065	Entailment	A person is singing and playing the guitar	A person is singing and playing a guitar
2066	Entailment	The food is being fried by a woman	A woman is frying food
2067	Entailment	A woman is peeling a potato	A woman is peeling the potato
2068	Entailment	Two dogs are playing on the beach	Two dogs are playing on a beach
2069	Entailment	Several people stand in front of a colorful building	Several people stand in front of a building that is covered in color.
2070	Entailment	A rabbit is playing with a stuffed rabbit	A rabbit is playing with a toy
2071	Entailment	A child is playing swimming underwater in a pool	A child is swimming under water in a pool
2072	Entailment	A banana is being eaten by a man	A man is eating a banana.
2073	Entailment	Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city	Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city
2074	Entailment	A man and a woman are walking through the woods	The man and the woman are walking
2075	Entailment	A tortilla is being folded by one person	A person is wrapping a tortilla
2076	Entailment	A group of people are singing	People are singing
2077	Entailment	Boy is mowing the sidewalk grass with scissors	The boy is mowing the grass near the sidewalk with scissors
2078	Entailment	A person in a pink jacket is running to the field	A person in pink is running to the field
2079	Entailment	A person on a bicycle is jumping through the air and the sun is beautifully illuminating the bicycle frame.	A person on a bicycle is jumping through the air and the sun is shining through the bicycle frame.
2080	Entailment	A blue ball is being caught by the dog	The dog is catching a blue ball
2081	Entailment	The dog is chasing a ball in the grass	A ball is being chased by a dog in the grass
2082	Entailment	A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor porch	A man is doing a skateboard trick on a porch
2083	Entailment	Different teams are playing soccer on the field	Different teams are playing soccer on the field
2084	Entailment	A dog is walking along a snowdrift	A dog is walking along the snowdrift
2085	Entailment	A man is making a sketch	The man is drawing
2086	Entailment	A man is fervently praying	A man is praying
2087	Entailment	A wind instrument is being played by a girl	A girl is playing a wind instrument
2088	Entailment	A man is standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a team shirt	A man is standing in a gym and is wearing a team shirt
2089	Entailment	A guy is playing excitedly with the sock ball	A guy is playing excitedly with a sock ball
2090	Entailment	Some cheerleaders are taking a break	Some cheerleaders are resting
2091	Entailment	A man is playing the loud guitar	The adult is playing the guitar loudly
2092	Entailment	Four dogs are playing in a grassy area	Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
2093	Entailment	A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby	A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
2094	Entailment	The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette	A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette.
2095	Entailment	A lemur is biting a person&#39;s finger	An animal is biting a person&#39;s finger
2096	Entailment	Rhino is grazing in the grass	Rhino is being fed in the grass
2097	Entailment	A surfer is riding the wave	The wave is being surfed by the surfer
2098	Entailment	A lemur is hanging on a rope.	A lemur is holding on a rope.
2099	Entailment	A man is slowly walking down a road.	A man is walking down the road
2100	Entailment	A man in a red-painted helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road.	A biker is riding the motorcycle along the highway
2101	Entailment	No surfer is riding a big wave through dark green water	The surfer is riding a big wave
2102	Entailment	A man on skates is skating on a skate park.	A man on roller skates is skating on a skate park built
2103	Entailment	A man is walking in the yard	A man is walking outside
2104	Entailment	A black dog is playing with a brown dog in the sand	A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
2105	Entailment	The soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking water	Water is being drunk by a soccer player sitting on the field
2106	Entailment	A woman is driving a car and is talking animatedly to the man who is sitting next to her	A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is sitting next to her
2107	Entailment	A boy is staring at a calendar	A boy is studying a calendar
2108	Entailment	Sign language is being used by a young girl	A girl is communicating with sign language
2109	Entailment	A podium is where a man is talking	A man is speaking at a podium
2110	Entailment	The presentation is being attended by a class of students.	The presentation is being attended by a class of students.
2111	Entailment	A man with a camera is studying the subject.	The subject is being studied by a man with a camera
2112	Entailment	A white bird is landing quickly in the water	The white bird is landing quickly in the water
2113	Entailment	The grass is being cut by a man	A guy is mowing the lawn
2114	Entailment	The boy is riding a bicycle on top of a fence made of metal	A cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence
2115	Entailment	Two teams are competing in a soccer match	Two groups of people are playing soccer
2116	Entailment	A woman is putting on makeup	A lady is putting on makeup
2117	Entailment	A horse is being mounted in a creek by a man	A man is riding a horse
2118	Entailment	Butter is being stung in a container by a man	A man is chopping butter in a container
2119	Entailment	The woman is applying makeup on the man	A woman is painting a man&#39;s face
2120	Entailment	The woman is dicing garlic	A woman is chopping garlic
2121	Entailment	A woman wearing pink gloves and brown jacket is smiling in the snow.	The woman wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow
2122	Entailment	A girl is using sign language	A girl is communicating with sign language
2123	Entailment	A person is standing on the top of the mountain	Someone is standing on a mountain top
2124	Entailment	A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside the building	A lady in a fur hat and a fur coat is standing outdoors in front of a building.
2125	Entailment	Two women with dogs are walking on a path in a woods	Two girls with dogs are walking on a forest path
2126	Entailment	Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach	Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
2127	Entailment	Two men are sitting around a table holding beers in their hands.	Two guys are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands.
2128	Entailment	A man is making a bed	A person is making a bed
2129	Entailment	A woman is cutting a fish	A woman is slicing a fish
2130	Entailment	A guitar is being played by a man	A man is playing a guitar
2131	Entailment	A group of four brown dogs are playing in a brown grass field	Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
2132	Entailment	The man in the gray t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall	The man in the gray-dyed T-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.
2133	Entailment	The guitar is being played by the man who has the guitar case open for donations	The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar cover open for donations.
2134	Entailment	A man is eating a banana.	A banana is being eaten by a man
2135	Entailment	A boy is hitting a man with a plastic sword	A boy is hitting a man with a toy gun
2136	Entailment	A young old boy is playing in the park with his mother	A young boy is playing in the park with his mother
2137	Entailment	Two men are fighting in a cow pasture	Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
2138	Entailment	The muscular black man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads	The muscular man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
2139	Entailment	Two large dogs, one light and one dark, are running across the snowy terrain.	Two large dogs, one light in color and the other dark in color, are rapidly moving across the snowy terrain.
2140	Entailment	An adult is in the amphitheater and is seriously talking with a boy.	An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy
2141	Entailment	A man is playing a harp	A harp is being played by a man
2142	Entailment	A man is cutting the tape in the box	The man is cutting the tape in the box
2143	Entailment	Some man is passionately playing a guitar	A man is passionately playing a guitar.
2144	Entailment	A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet	The person in the blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
2145	Entailment	A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit	A rabbit is playing with a stuffed rabbit
2146	Entailment	A man is singing and playing a guitar	A person is singing and playing a guitar
2147	Entailment	A woman is cleaning a shrimp	Someone is cleaning an animal
2148	Entailment	The man is playing an acoustic guitar	A man is playing the guitar
2149	Entailment	Carrot is being sliced by a woman	A woman is slicing a carrot
2150	Entailment	An elephant is being ridden by a woman	A woman is riding an elephant
2151	Entailment	The children are playing in front of a very large door.	Children are playing in front of a large door.
2152	Entailment	One person is looking at a motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is running around	One person is looking at a motorcycle designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is running around
2153	Entailment	A man is singing and playing the guitar	A man is singing a song and playing guitar
2154	Entailment	A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand	A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
2155	Entailment	A big green ball is dropping a potato	A big green ball is striking a potato
2156	Entailment	A man is felling a tree with an ax.	A man is chopping a tree with an ax
2157	Entailment	A big wave is being surfed by a surfer through the dark green water.	The surfer is riding a big wave
2158	Entailment	The family is posing by the fireplace and the Christmas tree	A family is posing by the fireplace and the Christmas tree
2159	Entailment	The boys are standing in front of the burning car	The boys are standing in front of the burning car
2160	Entailment	The woman is pouring oil in a sautese	Oil is being poured into a sautese by the woman.
2161	Entailment	Two kids are hanging on a large branch	Two kids are climbing a tree
2162	Entailment	The man is entering the lake	The man is entering the water
2163	Entailment	A man is spitting on the floor	A man is spitting
2164	Entailment	A lonely cyclist is jumping in the air	A cyclist is jumping in the air alone
2165	Entailment	A young girl with painted face is standing next to other children.	A girl with painted face is standing next to other children
2166	Entailment	A man is dancing on the road.	A person is dancing
2167	Entailment	The person who is playing field soccer is kicking the ball between someone&#39;s legs	The soccer player is kicking the ball between someone&#39;s legs
2168	Entailment	A man is driving a car.	A man is driving a vehicle.
2169	Entailment	The man is singing with emotion and playing the guitar	The man is singing and playing the guitar
2170	Entailment	A man is sitting on the grass and drinking water from a bottle.	A man is sitting on the lawn and drinking from a bottle of water.
2171	Entailment	A small boy is jumping in a puddle in the street	A small boy is jumping in a puddle on the street.
2172	Entailment	A squirrel is insanely spinning in circles.	A squirrel is running in circles.
2173	Entailment	A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow.	The brown dog and the gray dog are playing in the snow
2174	Entailment	A woman is dancing	The woman is dancing
2175	Entailment	A young girl in a jacket made for winter is jumping from a rock to the sand on the beach.	A young girl in winter coat is jumping from a rock to the sand on the beach.
2176	Entailment	Young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby	Children are playing outdoors near a man with a smile.
2177	Entailment	Some people are looking for a stereo	A group of people are looking at the sound equipment
2178	Entailment	A group of dogs are competing furiously and have muzzles on their noses.	A group of dogs are competing and have muzzles on their noses.
2179	Entailment	A person is strongly stirring eggs in a bowl	Eggs are being strongly beaten in a bowl by one person
2180	Entailment	The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella	The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella
2181	Entailment	The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person is standing behind him	The black and white dog is running and a person is after him
2182	Entailment	A cat is sliding upside down on a couch	A cat is sliding upside down on a couch
2183	Entailment	A man is emerging from a swamp	A man is coming out of the water
2184	Entailment	A man is pouring cleaning product into the sink	A man is cleaning the sink
2185	Entailment	A man is sitting on the lawn and drinking from a bottle of water.	A man is sitting on the grass and drinking water from a bottle.
2186	Entailment	A man is diving in a pool	A man is jumping in a pool
2187	Entailment	Man is making a handstand in the wet sand at the water&#39;s edge on the beach.	A handstand is being held by a man on the beach.
2188	Entailment	The lady is stirring meat in a bowl	The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
2189	Entailment	The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard	A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard.
2190	Entailment	A man is doing a bike trick in midair	A man is doing a trick with a bike in midair
2191	Entailment	Four athletes are with a man in a full stadium	Four athletes are with one person in a crowded stadium
2192	Entailment	A bird, which is black, is sitting on a dead tree.	A black bird is sitting on a dead tree.
2193	Entailment	A potato is being sliced by one person	A person is slicing a potato
2194	Entailment	A dog nearby in the snow is jumping off the ground and picking up a stick	A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and picking up a stick
2195	Entailment	A man on a motorcycle is riding on a track and waving happily	A man on a motorcycle is riding on the track and waving
2196	Entailment	A woman is painting a man&#39;s face	Makeup is being put on man by woman
2197	Entailment	One father is pushing his daughter in a go-cart and another girl is watching	One daughter is being pushed by her father in a go-cart and another girl is watching
2198	Entailment	A man in a red-painted helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road.	A red helmet biker is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
2199	Entailment	A man dressed in black is elegantly wearing an elaborate black mask	A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
2200	Entailment	A lady is cutting meat into pieces	A woman is cutting meat into pieces
2201	Entailment	Someone is slicing a tomato	Someone is cutting a tomato
2202	Entailment	The small boy is running on the floor and playing with a small girl	A small boy is running on the floor and playing with the small girl
2203	Entailment	A child is holding a camera in front of his face.	A camera is being held in front of a child&#39;s face
2204	Entailment	Two dogs are fighting and hugging	Two dogs are fighting
2205	Entailment	A white car is being driven by a man	A person is driving the white car
2206	Entailment	A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the skateboard	A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with a skateboard.
2207	Entailment	The man and the boy are standing under the stairs, which is outdoors	A man and a boy are standing under an outdoor stairs
2208	Entailment	A group of women are wearing pink rabbit ears and are pointing to the right.	Several women wearing pink bunny ears are pointing to the right.
2209	Entailment	A tiger cub is roaring	A tiger cub is making a sound
2210	Entailment	An eggplant is being sliced by a woman	A woman is slicing an eggplant
2211	Entailment	A woman is looking curiously at a man.	A man is being curiously observed by a woman.
2212	Entailment	A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling	A great singer is dancing on the ceiling
2213	Entailment	The man is eating	A man is eating some food
2214	Entailment	A baby rhino is walking around a cage with its mother	A rhino, which is a cub, is walking through the corral with its mother.
2215	Entailment	A man is standing on the roof top and is playing a violin	A man is standing on top of a roof and playing a violin
2216	Entailment	A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a cart along a road	A shirtless man is leading a horse pulling a cart
2217	Entailment	A man is dancing	A guy is dancing
2218	Entailment	A large crowd of warm clothes is posing for a camera.	A large crowd in warm clothes is posing for a camera
2219	Entailment	A cat is playing keyboards	The cat is playing keyboards
2220	Entailment	A paper plate is being cut by man	A man is cutting a paper board.
2221	Entailment	The man is putting chicken in the container	A man is putting some food in a box.
2222	Entailment	A man is wearing a protective helmet and dancing.	A man is wearing a hat that is hard and is dancing
2223	Entailment	A shirtless man is posing with his arms wide open next to a woman	A shirtless man is posing with open arms next to a woman
2224	Entailment	A happy family is posing by the fireplace	A happy-looking family is posing by the fireplace
2225	Entailment	The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area	A furry brown dog is crossing the grassy area
2226	Entailment	A man with tattoos is resting on a couch and holding a pencil.	A tattooed man is on a couch and is holding a pencil
2227	Entailment	One woman is snowboarding downhill and another woman is standing behind her	One woman is quickly snowboarding downhill and another woman is standing behind her
2228	Entailment	A fully equipped man is wearing a sponsor logo helmet and is riding a red sports motorcycle	A full speed rider is wearing a sponsored logo helmet and is driving a red sports motorcycle
2229	Entailment	A girl is playing a wind instrument	A wind instrument is being played by a girl
2230	Entailment	Brown dog and black dog are in the grass	A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass
2231	Entailment	Someone is folding a piece of paper.	A person is folding a piece of paper.
2232	Entailment	The man is doing exercise	A man is doing exercises.
2233	Entailment	A boy is staring at a calendar	A boy is looking at a calendar
2234	Entailment	Makeup is being put on man by woman	The woman is applying makeup on the man
2235	Entailment	A monkey is pulling a dog&#39;s tail	A dog&#39;s tail is being pulled by a monkey
2236	Entailment	A band is performing on the stage.	A band is performing on stage
2237	Entailment	A guy is playing excitedly with a sock ball	There&#39;s a guy excitedly playing with a sock ball
2238	Entailment	A woman is slowly peeling a potato	Potato is being peeled by a woman
2239	Entailment	A naked lady is walking in front of a crowd with body painting	A naked lady is walking in front of several people with body painting.
2240	Entailment	The woman is peeling a potato	A woman is peeling a potato
2241	Entailment	A man is singing and playing a guitar	A man is performing with a guitar
2242	Entailment	An animal is biting someone&#39;s finger	An animal is biting someone&#39;s hand
2243	Entailment	A woman is slicing a clove of garlic	The woman is slicing a clove of garlic
2244	Entailment	A man in a dyed purple shirt is looking at the man in the black shirt who is making a funny face	A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
2245	Entailment	A woman is slicing a carrot	A woman is cutting a carrot
2246	Entailment	Three people are driving quad bikes on a street	Three people are driving ATVs
2247	Entailment	A young boy is jumping in a tranquil lake	A young boy is diving in a tranquil lake
2248	Entailment	A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach.	Four people are walking on the beach
2249	Entailment	A man is putting garlic on some bread slices	A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
2250	Entailment	An old man with a gray beard is riding a bicycle	An old man with a beard that is gray is riding a bicycle
2251	Entailment	A young lady is measuring another woman&#39;s ankle	The woman is measuring the other woman
2252	Entailment	A girl has black and orange spots on her cheeks	A girl has colored spots on her cheeks
2253	Entailment	Two people are fighting kickboxing and spectators are watching	Two people are fighting and the spectators are watching
2254	Entailment	A man is doing barbell raises	A man is doing exercises.
2255	Entailment	A man is doing a skateboard trick on a porch	A man is doing a trick with a skateboard.
2256	Entailment	The dog is catching a ball	A dog is catching a ball
2257	Entailment	A black dog and a yellow dog are playing with each other.	Two dogs are playing with each other
2258	Entailment	A man is cutting a boot with a sword.	A man is cutting a boot with a blade.
2259	Entailment	Four girls are bridging and playing in the garden	Four girls are bridging and playing outdoors
2260	Entailment	A woman is playing a flute	A woman is playing the flute
2261	Entailment	A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open	A girl has a shirt and is keeping her mouth open
2262	Entailment	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car
2263	Entailment	A woman is playing the flute	A woman is playing a flute
2264	Entailment	A bike man is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp	A cyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
2265	Entailment	Two men are playing ping pong	Two men are playing table tennis
2266	Entailment	A man on a motorcycle is riding on a wheel.	A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
2267	Entailment	The man is stirring the oil	The oil is being stirred by a man
2268	Entailment	A toy train is hitting a toy car	A toy train is crashing into a toy car
2269	Entailment	A woman is squeezing juice from a lemon.	A woman is squeezing a lemon
2270	Entailment	The surfer is leaning against a surfboard	A surfer is leaning against a surfboard
2271	Entailment	The brown horse is very close to a red barrel at the rodeo.	The brown horse stands near a red barrel at the rodeo.
2272	Entailment	The person riding a bicycle is looking at an accident of another cyclist	The cyclist is looking at an accident of another cyclist
2273	Entailment	A man on a green bike is doing tricks on a dirt ramp	The man on a green bike is performing tricks on the dirt ramp
2274	Entailment	Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball in the goal	A soccer player is scoring a goal
2275	Entailment	One person is looking at a motorcycle designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is running around	One person is looking at a motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is running around
2276	Entailment	A young couple is lying in a bed together	A couple is lying together in a bed
2277	Entailment	A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and picking up a stick	A dog nearby in the snow is jumping off the ground and picking up a stick
2278	Entailment	A plane is landing	The plane is landing
2279	Entailment	The guitar is being played by the man	The man is playing a guitar
2280	Entailment	Three teen girls are dancing in the room	Three young girls are dancing in the room
2281	Entailment	The girl is trotting on the horse	The person is trotting horse
2282	Entailment	A boy in a blue-dyed shirt has dirt on his face	A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face
2283	Entailment	Blue and black pants are being worn by motocross rider	Motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants
2284	Entailment	The small girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses	A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
2285	Entailment	The orange dressed biker is driving the motorcycle on a wheel	Orange biker is riding the motorcycle on one wheel
2286	Entailment	A woman in a dyed black shirt is sitting next to a green fluorescent bag	A woman in a black shirt is sitting next to a green fluorescent bag
2287	Entailment	A small boy is proudly wearing a green football shirt and is running on the grass.	A child in green and white sports uniform is running over the grass
2288	Entailment	A man is cutting a slice of bread.	A person is slicing a loaf of bread
2289	Entailment	Someone is falling off a horse	Someone is falling off the horse
2290	Entailment	The blonde girl in the pink blouse is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a big nose attached	A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
2291	Entailment	A black dog is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth	The black dog is walking the grass and running with his tongue hanging out
2292	Entailment	A man on a bike is riding on the coast	A man on a bike is pedaling on the beach
2293	Entailment	A woman is carefully pouring the mixture into a bowl and mixing it	A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
2294	Entailment	Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset	Two people are wading by the water
2295	Entailment	Someone is folding a piece of paper.	A person is folding a piece of paper.
2296	Entailment	A person is singing and playing a guitar	A person is singing and playing the guitar
2297	Entailment	A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on it	The dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on it
2298	Entailment	Two people are looking at a golden statue	Two people are looking at a statue made of gold.
2299	Entailment	A woman is cleaning a shrimp	Someone is sanitizing an animal
2300	Entailment	The horse is being ridden by a man	The man is riding the animal
2301	Entailment	The dog is chasing a ball in the grass	A dog is running after a ball in the grass
2302	Entailment	A boy, who is young, is playing a wind instrument	A young boy is playing a wind instrument
2303	Entailment	A woman is slicing tofu	Tofu is being sliced by a woman
2304	Entailment	Two boys are bouncing on colored balls	Two boys are bouncing on colorful balls
2305	Entailment	A man is eating some food	Some food is being eaten by a man
2306	Entailment	A happy-looking family is posing by the fireplace	A happy family is posing by the fireplace
2307	Entailment	A woman is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush	A woman is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
2308	Entailment	A chubby-faced boy is wearing sunglasses	A boy is wearing sunglasses
2309	Entailment	An Asian girl standing in front of a brick window looks surprised	An Asian girl in front of a brick window looks surprised
2310	Entailment	A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink board	A woman in a dyed yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard.
2311	Entailment	A woman is peeling a potato	The potato is being peeled by the lady
2312	Entailment	A man is fitting a silencer into a pistol	A man is adjusting a silencer on a gun.
2313	Entailment	Mimes are performing on a tiny stage	Mimes are performing on a stage
2314	Entailment	A hungry man eats a bowl of cereal	A man is eating a bowl of cereal.
2315	Entailment	A woman is being kissed by a man	A lady is being kissed by a man
2316	Entailment	A black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass	The black bird with a yellow beak is standing on the green grass
2317	Entailment	The monkey is brushing the dog	A monkey is brushing the dog
2318	Entailment	The man is adding spice to the water in a bowl	Spice is being added to water by man.
2319	Entailment	A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with his own hands.	The man is practicing climbing on a stone wall
2320	Entailment	A small boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face.	A small boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face.
2321	Entailment	A cow is eating hay	A cow is grazing
2322	Entailment	A rhino is grazing in a field	An animal is grazing in a field
2323	Entailment	A woman is slicing herbs	The woman is slicing herbs
2324	Entailment	A dog with a blue dyed blanket is running across the grass	A dog with a blue blanket is running across the grass
2325	Entailment	The man is doing exercises at the gym	The man is doing exercise
2326	Entailment	A woman is quickly slicing an onion	A woman is cutting an onion
2327	Entailment	A boy is saying a word	A boy is saying something
2328	Entailment	A caramel dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball	A dog with caramel coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
2329	Entailment	A piano is being played by a man	A piano is being played by one person
2330	Entailment	Two young women with arms crossed are looking at the screen	Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at the screen.
2331	Entailment	A guinea pig is devouring a carrot	A guinea pig is eating a carrot
2332	Entailment	A man is crouching in the bush and is taking a picture	A man is crouching in the bush and taking a photograph
2333	Entailment	A group of explorers are walking through the grass.	Some people are walking
2334	Entailment	The machine is sharpening the end of a pencil	A pencil is being sharpened by the machine
2335	Entailment	A small rhino is following an adult rhino	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
2336	Entailment	The man is slicing the potato	The man is slicing a potato
2337	Entailment	The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a cup in front of the man in the white t-shirt	The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass facing a man in a t-shirt, which is white
2338	Entailment	Some foods are being fried by a woman	A woman is frying some food
2339	Entailment	A man is wearing a hat that is hard and is dancing	A man with a hard hat is dancing
2340	Entailment	The little child is walking by the water and being guided by someone else	The little child is wading through the water and being guided by someone else
2341	Entailment	A man in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorcycle	A person in a black blouse is doing tricks on a motorcycle
2342	Entailment	An eggplant is being sliced by a woman	The woman is cutting a vegetable
2343	Entailment	The girl in pink is rolling a ribbon	A ribbon is being turned by a girl in pink
2344	Entailment	The girl with a helmet is perched on a bicycle	The girl in the helmet is perched on a bicycle
2345	Entailment	A black and white dog is carrying a large stick in the green grass	A black and white dog is carrying a big stick in the green grass
2346	Entailment	The man is absently eating a banana near a tree	The man is eating a banana near a tree.
2347	Entailment	A dog is jumping high in the air in the field	A dog is jumping in the air inside
2348	Entailment	Some kids are wearing black pants and jumping	The children are wearing black pants and jumping
2349	Entailment	The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide	The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide
2350	Entailment	Two men are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building.	Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking next to a building.
2351	Entailment	A large white crane is flying near the water.	A large white crane is flying near the water.
2352	Entailment	Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage	Few ferrets are climbing out of the cage.
2353	Entailment	A black dog and a white dog are fighting on the floor.	Two dogs are fighting
2354	Entailment	A dog is running up a grassy hill	A dog is running up the grassy hill
2355	Entailment	A cow is eating grass	A cow is eating hay
2356	Entailment	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car
2357	Entailment	A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish	A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish
2358	Entailment	A Middle Eastern man is standing leaning against a pole near other people.	A Middle Eastern man is leaning against a lamppost near other people.
2359	Entailment	A biker is standing on the seat of a white motorcycle	A motorcycle is riding standing in the vehicle seat
2360	Entailment	A guitar is being played by a baby	A baby is playing a guitar
2361	Entailment	The woman wearing jeans is sitting in the saddle of a horse	A woman in jeans is sitting in the saddle of a horse
2362	Entailment	A girl in a blue shirt, who looks young, is walking on the sidewalk and holding a pink sign	A young girl in a green shirt is walking on the sidewalk and holding a pink sign
2363	Entailment	A man on a motorcycle is doing a trick.	A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
2364	Entailment	A boy is wearing sunglasses	Sunglasses are being worn by a boy
2365	Entailment	The person is brushing a cat	A person is combing a cat&#39;s fur
2366	Entailment	Three young men are running, jumping and kicking furiously near a vending machine.	Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine.
2367	Entailment	The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass facing a man in a t-shirt, which is white	The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a cup in front of the man in the white t-shirt
2368	Entailment	The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette	A person is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette.
2369	Entailment	A chef is preparing a meal	Some food is being prepared by a chef
2370	Entailment	A brown dog is running breathless through the yard with a toy in its mouth	A brown dog is running through the yard with a toy in its mouth
2371	Entailment	The woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing	A person is playing the guitar and singing
2372	Entailment	A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball ball in a brown field.	A black and white dog is playing with a wrecked volleyball in a brown field.
2373	Entailment	A woman is frying meat	A woman is frying food
2374	Entailment	Two men are playing the guitar	Guitar is being played by two men
2375	Entailment	A man is sprinkling grated cheese on a pizza.	A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
2376	Entailment	The person with the green shirt is jumping high over the grass	A person in a green shirt is jumping high over the grass
2377	Entailment	People are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall	People are walking on the road beside a waterfall which is beautiful
2378	Entailment	The brown dog is jumping in the air	A brown dog is jumping in the air
2379	Entailment	A woman dressed in elegant clothes is inside a crowd of people and is looking down.	An elegant woman is inside a crowd of people and is looking down.
2380	Entailment	Three people are driving quad bikes in a field	Three people are driving four-wheeled vehicles in a field.
2381	Entailment	A woman is frying fish	A woman is cooking fish
2382	Entailment	A girl is waking up	A child is waking up
2383	Entailment	A girl is brushing her hair	A girl is combing her hair
2384	Entailment	The man is feeding the snake with a mouse	The man is feeding the snake with an animal
2385	Entailment	A squirrel is running in circles.	An animal is running in circles.
2386	Entailment	A soccer player in a purple team shirt is panting with the ball for a touchdown	A football player in a purple team shirt is running with the ball for a touchdown.
2387	Entailment	Two bmx cyclists are jumping off ramps in front of the water	Two bmx cyclists are jumping on dirt ramps in front of a body of water
2388	Entailment	A tiger is walking around the cage.	A tiger is anxiously walking around a cage.
2389	Entailment	A policeman is sitting tiredly on a motorcycle	A police officer is sitting on a motorcycle
2390	Entailment	A woman is slicing a tomato	A tomato is being sliced by a woman
2391	Entailment	The deer is jumping over a fence	A deer is jumping over a fence
2392	Entailment	A young boy is playing the guitar	A boy is playing a guitar
2393	Entailment	Two men are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building.	Two people are walking with loaded baskets and blankets.
2394	Entailment	The dog is chasing the ball	A dog is chasing a ball
2395	Entailment	Someone is stirring pepper in a kettle	Someone is stirring the pepper in a pan
2396	Entailment	A squirrel is running in circles.	A squirrel is running in circles.
2397	Entailment	Someone is typing on a keyboard	Someone is typing
2398	Entailment	A man is sitting firmly in the chair.	A man is sitting on the chair
2399	Entailment	Four boys are bridging the park	Four boys are bridging the park
2400	Entailment	A man is sprinkling spice on several sliced and buttered breads.	One person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered breads.
2401	Entailment	A man is drawing	The man is drawing
2402	Entailment	A pianist is playing the keyboard	A person is playing the keyboard
2403	Entailment	A man is walking along a path in nature.	A man is walking along a track through nature.
2404	Entailment	Potatoes are being sliced by a man	A man is slicing potatoes
2405	Entailment	A wee child is showing enthusiasm on a set of swings in the park.	A little child is showing excitement on a set of swings in the park.
2406	Entailment	A hose is being held by a boy next to a man and another boy is watching	One boy is holding a hose next to a man and another boy is watching
2407	Entailment	A man is cutting the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword.	A man is cutting a boot with a blade.
2408	Entailment	Cheese is being put on a pizza by a man	A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
2409	Entailment	A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man	The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy
2410	Entailment	A woman is collecting water from a tap in a mug	A woman is collecting tap water in a mug
2411	Entailment	The blonde girl in the pink blouse is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a big nose attached	The blonde girl in the pink blouse is smiling happily and wearing funny glasses with a big nose attached
2412	Entailment	Many people are walking in line across a bridge.	Several people are passing the border of a bridge
2413	Entailment	The woman is catching a kangaroo that is small	The woman is catching the kangaroo
2414	Entailment	The man is talking on the phone	The man is talking on the phone
2415	Entailment	A child is sitting in a red and yellow colored toy car	A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car
2416	Entailment	The man is chopping a tree trunk with an ax	The man is chopping a tree trunk with an ax
2417	Entailment	Woman is wearing hearing protection and firing a gun in a covered shooting range	A woman is wearing a hearing protector and is firing a gun on a covered shooting range.
2418	Entailment	The woman is casting shadow	A woman is putting makeup on her eyelid
2419	Entailment	A person is writing	The person is writing
2420	Entailment	Few kids are jumping on a trampoline	Some kids are jumping on a trampoline.
2421	Entailment	A car is being driven by a man	A man is driving a car.
2422	Entailment	A man in a car is leaning next to a woman who is walking along the street	A man in a car is leaning near a woman standing along a road
2423	Entailment	A brown dog is running down a snowy path	A brown dog is passing a snowy trail
2424	Entailment	A cyclist in black and red uniform is standing on a mountain bike.	A person in a black and red uniform riding a bicycle is standing on a mountain bike
2425	Entailment	A man with black hat is touching a cardboard box	A cardboard box is being touched by a man with a black hat
2426	Entailment	A dog is playing excitedly with water in a field	A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass.
2427	Entailment	A dog is in an area full of sand, with sand being stirred in the air and several plants are in the background.	A dog is in a sandy area with sand being stirred in the air and several plants are in the background.
2428	Entailment	Two bmx cyclists are jumping on dirt ramps in front of a body of water	Two bmx cyclists are jumping off ramps in front of the water
2429	Entailment	A man is riding dangerously on a motorcycle through a city	A man is riding a motorcycle around the city
2430	Entailment	A man in a big city is holding a sign and asking for money	A man in a big city is holding a sign and asking for money
2431	Entailment	Two men are playing table tennis	Two men are playing ping pong
2432	Entailment	A family is watching a small boy who is hitting a baseball	A boy is hitting a baseball
2433	Entailment	A man is getting into a car in a garage	A man is getting in a car
2434	Entailment	A woman is wearing oversized sunglasses and is holding newspapers in both hands.	The woman is wearing large sunglasses and is holding newspapers in both hands
2435	Entailment	A dog is in a sandy area with sand being stirred in the air and several plants are in the background.	A dog is in an area full of sand, with sand being stirred in the air and several plants are in the background.
2436	Entailment	A young boy is singing and playing the guitar	A child is playing the guitar
2437	Entailment	A little dog is lying in a bed	A little animal is lying in the bed
2438	Entailment	The wee boy is standing in the forest	A little boy is standing in the woods
2439	Entailment	A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and jumping in.	A big cat is opening a drawer with its paws and jumping in.
2440	Entailment	A brown and black dog is standing in the water	A brown dog is standing in the water
2441	Entailment	The man is slicing some potatoes	The man is slicing potatoes
2442	Entailment	A dirty caramel dog is rolling in the dirt and looking straight into the camera	A dirty caramel dog is rolling in the dirt and looking straight into the camera.
2443	Entailment	A snowboarder is sliding down a long concrete railing	A snowboarder is maneuvering a long handrail
2444	Entailment	An animal is biting someone&#39;s finger	An animal is biting a person&#39;s finger
2445	Entailment	A cute panda is lying down	A cute panda is lying down
2446	Entailment	A boat is calmly sailing on the water.	A boat is sailing quietly on the water.
2447	Entailment	The hungry woman is eating	The woman is eating
2448	Entailment	A woman is frying something	Something is being fried by a woman
2449	Entailment	Four people are doing an outdoor music performance	The music is being performed by four people outdoors
2450	Entailment	Some people are sailing and rowing	People are rowing and rowing
2451	Entailment	A pet dog is standing on the bench and is looking at another brown dog in the pond.	A pet dog is standing on the bench and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond.
2452	Entailment	A crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line	The crowd is watching two race cars that are leaving the starting line
2453	Entailment	The man is dancing upside down on the ceiling	A man is dancing upside down on the ceiling
2454	Entailment	The woman is cutting cooked octopus	A woman is poking an octopus
2455	Entailment	The woman is cooking eggs	A woman is cooking eggs
2456	Entailment	A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map.	A couple is looking at a map.
2457	Entailment	A man is cutting a fish	A fish is being sliced by a man
2458	Entailment	The monkey is brushing a bulldog	The monkey is brushing the dog
2459	Entailment	A woman is seasoning a ham	A woman is seasoning a piece of meat
2460	Entailment	A dog is furiously chasing a ball through the dirt	A dog is chasing a ball through the dirt
2461	Entailment	A man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is in another man.	A man is breaking a concrete block with a sledgehammer
2462	Entailment	An oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces	The eastern lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin
2463	Entailment	Two young men are playing happily near a golden statue	Two young men are playing outdoors near a golden statue
2464	Entailment	A dog is in the sand being blown by the wind	A dog is in the sand that is spreading in the air
2465	Entailment	An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two children in a swimming pool.	Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
2466	Entailment	A woman is riding a horse	A horse is being ridden by a woman
2467	Entailment	A small girl is playing the piano	A little girl is playing the piano
2468	Entailment	Two men are struggling	Some men are fighting
2469	Entailment	A man is giving mortals on a trampoline	A man is jumping on a trampoline
2470	Entailment	A man and a woman are walking down a city street	A man and a woman are walking down a city street
2471	Entailment	A woman is chopping garlic	The woman is dicing garlic
2472	Entailment	A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands	A player is running with the ball
2473	Entailment	A large piece of bread is having butter passed by a man	A man is spreading butter on a large loaf of bread
2474	Entailment	Water is being drunk by a soccer player sitting on the field	The soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking water
2475	Entailment	The brown dog is finding a black dog lying in the dry field	The brown dog is focusing on a black dog lying in the dry grass
2476	Entailment	A woman is cracking eggs in a bowl	Eggs are being cracked in a bowl by a woman
2477	Entailment	A group of boys are playing field soccer on the coast.	A group of boys are playing field soccer at the beach
2478	Entailment	The man is talking on the phone	The man is talking on the phone
2479	Entailment	A man is slicing a potato into pieces	A man is cutting a potato
2480	Entailment	Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset	Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset
2481	Entailment	A man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone and singing	The man is performing in a microphone and is singing
2482	Entailment	A man is chopping a log with an ax	A man is chopping a log with an ax
2483	Entailment	A hole is being dug by the badger	The badger is digging a hole
2484	Entailment	A man is shooting with a firearm.	A man is shooting with a gun.
2485	Entailment	A woman is using a sewing machine	A woman is using a sewing machine.
2486	Entailment	A group of students in uniform are listening intently in front of the class	Some students in uniform are listening intently in front of the classroom
2487	Entailment	A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage.	A woman in white clothes and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage.
2488	Entailment	The man is talking on the phone	The man is talking on the telephone handset
2489	Entailment	A person is holding a skunk	A skunk is being held by a person
2490	Entailment	A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.	The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
2491	Entailment	An airplane is taking off	A plane is taking off
2492	Entailment	The lady is breaking an egg for the mixer	The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
2493	Entailment	A person is slicing a garlic clove into pieces	The person is slicing a garlic clove into pieces
2494	Entailment	A woman is using an eyeliner and applying eyeliner on her eyelid.	A woman is using an eye pencil and applying eyeliner on her eyelid.
2495	Entailment	A surfer is riding the wave	A surfer is surfing on the wave.
2496	Entailment	A dog&#39;s tail is being pulled by a monkey	A monkey is pulling a dog&#39;s tail
2497	Entailment	A man is riding a bicycle with one wheel	A man on a bike is riding on a lonely wheel
2498	Entailment	The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting passively at a table with soda cans and other drinks.	A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some soda cans
2499	Entailment	A herd of deer is crossing the street.	Some herd of deer is crossing the street.
2500	Entailment	A wee dog is lying in bed	A little animal is lying in the bed
2501	Entailment	A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball	A man is doing some tricks with a soccer ball
2502	Entailment	A man is crouching in the bush and taking a photograph	A person is crouching and holding the camera
2503	Entailment	A man is slicing a bread	A man is cutting a bread
2504	Entailment	A woman is slowly peeling a potato	A woman is peeling a potato
2505	Entailment	Two young women are fighting in a kickboxing fight	Two women are fighting in a kickboxing match
2506	Entailment	A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor porch	A person is doing a trick on a skateboard.
2507	Entailment	A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction within a bamboo structure.	A room full of students is watching intently in the same direction within a bamboo structure.
2508	Entailment	A surfer is riding a big wave through the dark green water	A surfer is catching a big wave
2509	Entailment	The stream is being sailed by a group of friends in a dinghy	A group of friends are sailing the current in a dinghy
2510	Entailment	The man is standing on the sidewalk	A man is standing on a sidewalk
2511	Entailment	The parrot is surprisingly speaking into the microphone.	The parrot is speaking into the microphone
2512	Entailment	The man is playing with a skull	The person is playing with a skull
2513	Entailment	A woman is cutting the potatoes	A woman is cutting potatoes
2514	Entailment	Little children are climbing a statue in the park.	Wee kids are climbing a statue in a park
2515	Entailment	A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the light.	A bald man is in a band playing an instrument in the spotlight
2516	Entailment	Two dogs are happily playing on the beach	Two dogs are playing on the beach
2517	Entailment	A man is mixing some ingredients in a bowl.	Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by one person.
2518	Entailment	The man is playing a flute	A flute is played by man
2519	Entailment	Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars	Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them
2520	Entailment	A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen	A container is being shaken over a sink in the kitchen by a man
2521	Entailment	A man is picking a tree	A tree is being picked up by a man
2522	Entailment	A cook is quickly slicing some peppers	A cook is slicing some bell peppers
2523	Entailment	A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his gloved hands outside a snow building	Smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his gloved hands outside the building in the snow
2524	Entailment	A man is playing a flute	The man is not playing the guitar
2525	Entailment	A man is abruptly falling from a horse on a track in the wild.	A man is falling from a horse on a track and is thrown in the wild.
2526	Entailment	A man with climbing gear is hanging on a vertical white rock	A man with climbing equipment is hanging on a rock, which is vertical and white.
2527	Entailment	A group of people are dancing at a concert.	A group of people are dancing at a concert.
2528	Entailment	Tiles are being broken with his hands by a man	A man is breaking tiles with his hands.
2529	Entailment	A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth.	The dog with a ball is caught in mid air
2530	Entailment	Cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms that are black, pink and white	Cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms
2531	Entailment	Someone is cutting a tomato	The person is slicing a vegetable
2532	Entailment	The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump	A seemingly malnourished dog is standing on its hind legs and getting ready to jump.
2533	Entailment	The goal is being saved by a yellow team hockey player	Ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow team jersey and is defending the goal
2534	Entailment	Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball	Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a toy
2535	Entailment	A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water	A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
2536	Entailment	A woman is boiling pasta in the water	One person is boiling pasta
2537	Entailment	A man is dancing upside down on the ceiling	The man is dancing upside down on the ceiling
2538	Entailment	A boy is running across the sea at the beach	A boy is going through the water at the beach
2539	Entailment	A woman is putting on some makeup carefully.	A woman is applying makeup carefully
2540	Entailment	Someone is hitting a camera lens against a nail	Someone is tapping a camera lens on a nail
2541	Entailment	A man near a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hairnet	A man near a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hairnet
2542	Entailment	A man, a woman and two girls are sitting on the beach.	A group of people are on a beach
2543	Entailment	A man is slicing bread	A man is slicing a bread
2544	Entailment	A man is strumming a guitar	A man is playing a guitar
2545	Entailment	A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench.	Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench
2546	Entailment	Ingredients are being poured into a bowl by a woman.	A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl.
2547	Entailment	A woman is wakeboarding in a lake	A woman is wakeboarding at the lake
2548	Entailment	A tennis player with a green belt is hitting the ball	Tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball
2549	Entailment	A chubby face boy is wearing sunglasses	A boy is wearing sunglasses
2550	Entailment	A woman is slicing garlic	A woman is cutting garlic
2551	Entailment	Guitar is being played by two men	Two men are playing the guitar
2552	Entailment	A blonde lady is looking at a tower	A tower is being seen by a blonde lady
2553	Entailment	The small child is playing soccer and falling harmlessly on the grass	The small child is playing soccer and falling on the grass
2554	Entailment	A man is running on the road	The man is running on the road
2555	Entailment	A woman and three men are posing motionless for a photo.	One woman and three men are posing for the picture.
2556	Entailment	The women are singing and dancing	People are singing and dancing.
2557	Entailment	A family is watching a boy hitting a baseball	A child is hitting a baseball
2558	Entailment	Eggs are being strongly beaten in a bowl by one person	A person is strongly stirring eggs in a bowl
2559	Entailment	Oil is being poured into a frying pan by the woman	Woman is pouring oil into the frying pan
2560	Entailment	Two little boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor.	Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
2561	Entailment	A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another.	Two basketball teams are fighting for the ball on court
2562	Entailment	A cartoon plane is landing	A cartoon plane is landing
2563	Entailment	A man dressed in black and white is holding a tennis racket and waiting for the ball.	A player dressed in black and white is holding the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball.
2564	Entailment	A large group of Asian people are eating in a restaurant.	A group of Asian people are eating in a restaurant.
2565	Entailment	A sad man is crying	A man is crying
2566	Entailment	Someone is playing the piano beautifully	Someone is playing a piano
2567	Entailment	A man is playing a bamboo flute	A man is playing a flute made of bamboo
2568	Entailment	Two dogs of different breeds are looking angry at each other across the street.	Two dogs of different breeds are looking across the street.
2569	Entailment	A group of people are dancing.	Some people are dancing.
2570	Entailment	Life jackets are being worn by a group of people practicing water rescue	This group of people are practicing water rescue and wearing life jackets.
2571	Entailment	A woman is slicing a pepper that is green	The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
2572	Entailment	A woman is painting a man&#39;s face	A man&#39;s face is being painted by a woman
2573	Entailment	Boy is mowing the sidewalk grass with scissors	A boy is mowing the lawn with shears
2574	Entailment	Someone is typing on the keyboard	Someone is typing
2575	Entailment	A boy next to some rag buckets is holding an object	A boy next to some rag buckets is holding something
2576	Entailment	A tiny black dog is wearing a red collar and is among the leaves with a blue ball.	A small black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the middle of the leaves with a blue ball.
2577	Entailment	Brown dogs are playfully fighting on the beach sand	Brown dogs are playing fighting on the sandy shore
2578	Entailment	A woman is cutting an octopus	A woman is poking an octopus
2579	Entailment	The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background.	The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background.
2580	Entailment	A person in a green shirt is jumping high over the grass	The person with the green shirt is jumping high over the grass
2581	Entailment	A dog with a blue blanket is running across the grass	A dog with a blue dyed blanket is running across the grass
2582	Entailment	A topless woman is being covered in mud.	Lama is covering a topless woman
2583	Entailment	A woman is riding an elephant	An elephant is being ridden by a woman
2584	Entailment	An obstacle is being jumped by a horse that has a rider on its back.	A horse is jumping over the hurdle and has a rider on his back.
2585	Entailment	A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand	A black dog is playing with a brown dog in the sand
2586	Entailment	A bicycle is being pedaled by a small boy in a race	The small boy is riding a bicycle in a race
2587	Entailment	A bulldog is being brushed by the monkey	A monkey is brushing the dog
2588	Entailment	A group of people are singing	Some people are singing
2589	Entailment	A person is combing a cat&#39;s fur	The person is brushing a cat
2590	Entailment	A boy is checking a calendar	A boy is looking at a calendar
2591	Entailment	A guy is riding a horse	A horse is being ridden by a guy
2592	Entailment	A man is breaking a concrete slab with a sledgehammer	A man is breaking a concrete block with a sledgehammer
2593	Entailment	A wee dog is lying in bed	A little dog is lying in a bed
2594	Entailment	A man is playing a flute made of bamboo	A man is playing a bamboo flute
2595	Entailment	Two men are fighting their fists in a ring	Two people are fighting their fists in a ring
2596	Entailment	A group of boy scouts are walking through the grass	Some people are walking
2597	Entailment	The young boy is running by the waves of the ocean	A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
2598	Entailment	A man is performing a dance	A man is dancing
2599	Entailment	A ribbon is being turned by a girl in pink	The girl in pink is rolling a ribbon
2600	Entailment	A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and is using a whisk made of metal.	A person is strongly stirring eggs in a bowl
2601	Entailment	A woman is slicing a tomato	A woman is cutting a tomato
2602	Entailment	The parrot is speaking into the microphone	The parrot is talking
2603	Entailment	The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes	A person pours oil on some tomatoes
2604	Entailment	A man is athletically jumping a wall	A man is jumping over a wall
2605	Entailment	A man is fixing a silencer for a gun	A man is adjusting a silencer on a gun.
2606	Entailment	Kittens are eating food in trays	The food in the trays is being eaten by the puppies
2607	Entailment	A young boy in a helmet is riding a bicycle on the road	A bicycle is being pedaled on the road by a young boy in a helmet
2608	Entailment	The man is being knocked off the horse	Someone is falling off a horse
2609	Entailment	A baby is playing a guitar	A guitar is being played by a baby
2610	Entailment	A cat is playing with a watermelon	Some cat is playing with a watermelon
2611	Entailment	A yellow flower is being grabbed by a bee	A bee is clinging to a yellow flower.
2612	Entailment	A man is playing a guitar under a window	A man is playing a guitar
2613	Entailment	Some runners are competing in a race.	Runners are competing in a race.
2614	Entailment	A topless girl is covered in paint.	A young topless woman is covered in paint.
2615	Entailment	A woman is playing with two young boys in a park	The woman is playing with two young boys in a park
2616	Entailment	The person is peeling an onion	A person is peeling an onion
2617	Entailment	Two pandas are lying together.	Two panda bears are lying together.
2618	Entailment	One person is boiling pasta	The person is boiling noodles
2619	Entailment	The man is slicing the potato	Potatoes are being sliced by a man
2620	Entailment	Two people in snow clothes are lying in the snow and are making snow angels	Two people wearing snow clothes are on the ground making snow angels
2621	Entailment	Many people are skating in an ice park.	An outdoor ice skating park is full of people
2622	Entailment	The keyboard is being touched with the nose by a man	A man is touching the keyboard with his nose
2623	Entailment	A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale	A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale
2624	Entailment	A plane is taking off	An aircraft is taking off
2625	Entailment	The boy is riding a bicycle on top of a fence made of metal	The boy is riding a bicycle on top of a metal fence
2626	Entailment	An old woman is shaking hands with a man	An old woman is shaking hands with a man
2627	Entailment	The man is riding a motorcycle in a field that is virtually arid	The man is riding a motorcycle on a ground that is virtually arid
2628	Entailment	A person is frying meat in a frying pan	A person is frying food in a frying pan
2629	Entailment	A full speed rider is wearing a sponsored logo helmet and is driving a red sports motorcycle	A man in motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle.
2630	Entailment	The music is being performed by four people outdoors	Four people are doing an outdoor music performance
2631	Entailment	A dog is skateboarding	An animal is skateboarding
2632	Entailment	A deer is jumping over an iron fence	A deer is jumping over the wall
2633	Entailment	A colored coat dog is running fast through the yard	A colored coat dog is running through the yard
2634	Entailment	Little children are climbing a statue in the park.	Some kids are playing on a statue.
2635	Entailment	A man is slicing a bread	A man is cutting a slice of bread.
2636	Entailment	A woman is using an eye pencil and applying eyeliner on her eyelid.	A woman is using an eyeliner and applying eyeliner on her eyelid.
2637	Entailment	An orange child is playing with a snowball	An orange child is playing outdoors with a snowball
2638	Entailment	A flute is being played by a man	A man is playing a flute
2639	Entailment	The white rally car is throwing mud in the air and is approaching a bend in the track	A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a turn on the track.
2640	Entailment	A woman is wearing a hearing protector and is firing a gun on a covered shooting range.	Woman is wearing hearing protection and firing a gun in a covered shooting range
2641	Entailment	A man is felling a tree with an ax.	A person is felling a tree with an ax.
2642	Entailment	A shoe is being tied by a man	A man is tying a shoe
2643	Entailment	You are measuring another woman&#39;s ankle	The woman is measuring the other woman
2644	Entailment	A person is kicking a soccer field ball between someone&#39;s feet	A person is kicking a soccer ball between the feet
2645	Entailment	The soccer player is kicking the ball between someone&#39;s legs	The person who is playing field soccer is kicking the ball between someone&#39;s legs
2646	Entailment	The man is riding a horse	A man is riding a horse
2647	Entailment	A man on stage is singing passionately into the microphone.	The man on stage is singing into the microphone
2648	Entailment	Two men are fighting in a corral	Two men are fighting in a cattle corral
2649	Entailment	A plane is taking off	An aircraft is taking off
2650	Entailment	A woman is throwing volleyballs over a net	A woman is pulling volleyballs over a net
2651	Entailment	A girl is cutting the butter in two pieces	A girl is cutting butter in two pieces
2652	Entailment	A man is quickly mincing some mushrooms with a knife	A person is quickly mincing mushrooms with a knife
2653	Entailment	The woman is playing a flute	A woman is playing a flute
2654	Entailment	A woman is putting meat in a frying pan	Someone is pouring meat into a frying pan
2655	Entailment	A group of people are on a beach	A group of people are near the sea.
2656	Entailment	A cat is eating corn on the cob	The cat is eating some corn
2657	Entailment	The player is burying the basketball and a crowd is in the background	A man is burying a basketball in the basket and a crowd is in the background.
2658	Entailment	The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue	A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue
2659	Entailment	A boy is playing a guitar	A boy is playing an instrument
2660	Entailment	Three people are driving quad bikes in a field	Quads are being driven by three people
2661	Entailment	Some sticky slime is being taken from a bowl by a woman	A woman is pulling a sticky goo out of a bowl
2662	Entailment	A person is brushing a cat	A person is combing a cat&#39;s fur
2663	Entailment	The man is intensely playing the guitar	A man is intensely playing a guitar
2664	Entailment	A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.	One dog, which is black, and another, which is white, are facing each other in the street.
2665	Entailment	Some people are playing cricket	People are playing cricket
2666	Entailment	A person is writing something down with a pencil.	A person is writing
2667	Entailment	Woman and man are motoring	The woman and the man are traveling by car
2668	Entailment	An onion is being minced	An onion is being sliced by one person
2669	Entailment	A small girl is playing a grand piano on stage	A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage
2670	Entailment	Man is making a handstand on the wet shore at the water&#39;s edge on the beach.	Man is making a handstand in the wet sand at the water&#39;s edge on the beach.
2671	Entailment	A man is singing and playing a guitar	A guitar is being played by a man
2672	Entailment	Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand	Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on the sand
2673	Entailment	A couple is looking at a street guide	A couple is looking at a map.
2674	Entailment	A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth.	A baseball is being held in the mouth by a black and white dog.
2675	Entailment	The man is aiming a gun	The man is handling a gun
2676	Entailment	A group of people are looking at the sound equipment	Some people are looking for a stereo
2677	Entailment	A man is touching the keyboard with his nose	The man is playing the piano in a fun way with his nose
2678	Entailment	A young child is splashing water	The young child is splashing water
2679	Entailment	Doctors are reviving a man	The doctor is helping the patient
2680	Entailment	A boy is wearing a hat and is walking on the wet sand	A small child is wearing a hat and is walking on the wet sand.
2681	Entailment	The man is wearing a diving suit and is riding a surfboard	The person is wearing a diving suit and is on a surfboard
2682	Entailment	Someone is tapping a camera lens on a nail	Someone is hitting a camera lens against a nail
2683	Entailment	A white wee dog is running on a lawn	A little white dog is running across the lawn
2684	Entailment	The man is thinking	A man is thinking
2685	Entailment	Three men and one woman are standing for a photo	Three men and one woman are posing for a photo
2686	Entailment	The young child is splashing water	A young child is splashing water
2687	Entailment	A dog, which is white, is standing in the fallen leaves.	A white dog is standing in the leaves on the ground.
2688	Entailment	A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road.	A man in blue is walking an animal on a dirt road.
2689	Entailment	A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass	Brown dog and black dog are in the grass
2690	Entailment	A young girl is using sign language	A girl is communicating with sign language
2691	Entailment	A man with white mustache is standing on a porch and is looking down the road.	A man with a mustache is standing on the porch and is looking down the road.
2692	Entailment	A woman is cautiously boning a fish	A woman is boning a fish
2693	Entailment	Men are fighting their fists in a ring	Two people are fighting their fists in a ring
2694	Entailment	A man is riding a horse in the desert	A horse is being ridden by a guy
2695	Entailment	Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city	Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street.
2696	Entailment	That person is cutting an onion	A person is cutting an onion
2697	Entailment	A man is quickly mincing some mushrooms with a knife	A person is quickly mincing mushrooms with a knife
2698	Entailment	A dog with long hair and a red outfit is running on the grass	The red-haired dog is running in the field
2699	Entailment	Potato is being peeled by a woman	A woman is peeling a potato
2700	Entailment	A family is buying something from a vending machine.	A family is buying something at the vending machine.
2701	Entailment	The trumpet is being played by a man	A man is playing the trumpet
2702	Entailment	Someone is sanitizing an animal	Someone is cleaning an animal
2703	Entailment	A golden dog is running across a field of tall grass	The golden dog is crossing a field of tall grass
2704	Entailment	A guitar is being played by a woman	A woman is playing a guitar
2705	Entailment	A man is making music with a flute	A man is playing the flute
2706	Entailment	A white-haired cat, perched in a small wooden closet, is looking out the window.	A white cat perched on a tiny wooden closet is looking out the window.
2707	Entailment	The woman is applying makeup on the man	Makeup is being put on man by woman
2708	Entailment	A black-haired dog is running on the grass and its tongue is sticking out of its mouth	A black dog is running in the grass
2709	Entailment	A young boy is diving in a tranquil lake	A young boy is jumping in a tranquil lake
2710	Entailment	The boy is playing enthusiastically in the mud	The boy is playing in the mud
2711	Entailment	A person is stirring vegetables in a pan	A person is stirring vegetables in a bowl
2712	Entailment	The brown dog is playing outdoors	The brown-haired dog is playing outdoors
2713	Entailment	A dog is catching a ball in midair	A ball is being caught by a dog in midair
2714	Entailment	The woman is happily playing an acoustic guitar and singing	A person is playing a guitar and singing
2715	Entailment	A young boy is jumping fast from a chair	A young boy is jumping from a chair
2716	Entailment	Snowboarder is jumping off a snowy hill.	A snowboarder is jumping from the snow.
2717	Entailment	Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd	People are singing and dancing.
2718	Entailment	Oil is being poured into a sautese by the woman.	The woman is pouring oil in a sautese
2719	Entailment	A man is carefully climbing a rope.	A man is climbing a rope
2720	Entailment	A woman is using an eyeliner and applying eyeliner on her eyelid.	A woman is applying cosmetics on her eyelid.
2721	Entailment	A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day.	Orange juice is being drunk by a man who is walking on a sunny day.
2722	Entailment	A pet dog is standing on the bench and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond.	A pet dog is standing on the bench and is looking at another brown dog in the pond.
2723	Entailment	A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling	A person is dancing on the ceiling.
2724	Entailment	A woman is slicing tofu	A woman is cutting tofu
2725	Entailment	A brown dog is jumping in the air	The brown animal is jumping in the air
2726	Entailment	A woman is chopping broccoli	Broccoli is being stung by a woman
2727	Entailment	A bicycle is being pedaled by a man	A man is riding a bicycle
2728	Entailment	A man is jumping on a low wall	A man is jumping on a wall that is low.
2729	Entailment	The man is chopping a tree trunk with an ax	The man is chopping a tree trunk with an ax
2730	Entailment	A man is wearing a blue long-sleeved shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle on a street.	A man is wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding down a street on a unicycle.
2731	Entailment	People are walking down a crowded street	People are walking down a busy street.
2732	Entailment	Chopped vegetables are being poured into a pan on the stove by one person	A person is pouring chopped vegetables into a pan on the stove
2733	Entailment	A boy is playing the piano deftly	A boy is playing a piano
2734	Entailment	Some fish are swimming fast	A fish is swimming
2735	Entailment	A group of four brown dogs are playing in a brown grass field	A set of four brown dogs are playing in a brown grass field.
2736	Entailment	A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book.	A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and is reading a book.
2737	Entailment	A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pan on the stove	A person is pouring olive oil into a pan on the stove
2738	Entailment	The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy	A man is holding an electronic device.
2739	Entailment	The shadow is being passed by a woman	A woman is putting on makeup
2740	Entailment	A man is prancing on a mountain bike	The man is riding a mountain bike
2741	Entailment	The little bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers.	A little bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers.
2742	Entailment	A player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field.	The purple, white and black player is playing near the end of the field.
2743	Entailment	A man is shooting with a shotgun.	A man is shooting with a shotgun.
2744	Entailment	The man is singing gracefully and playing the guitar	The man is singing and playing the guitar
2745	Entailment	A man is making the microwave work.	A man is turning on the microwave
2746	Entailment	The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses.	A man in a suit is being surrounded by photographers
2747	Entailment	The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle	The dog is drinking water from a container
2748	Entailment	Two dogs are looking at something that is struggling in the water	Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in the water
2749	Entailment	The men are running a race	Some men are running in a race.
2750	Entailment	A man is foolishly slicing carrot with a machine.	A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
2751	Entailment	The man is playing an acoustic guitar	The man is playing an acoustic guitar
2752	Entailment	A man is playing a guitar	A man is playing the guitar
2753	Entailment	A boy is studying a calendar	The boy is examining a calendar
2754	Entailment	A man is riding a horse in the desert	A guy is riding a horse
2755	Entailment	The girl is exercising	A girl is exercising
2756	Entailment	Many people are sitting at tiny tables in a dark room.	Several people are sitting at small tables in a dark room
2757	Entailment	A woman is squeezing juice from a lemon.	A lemon is being squeezed by a woman
2758	Entailment	A man is getting into a car	A man is getting in a car
2759	Entailment	Little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert	A small girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert.
2760	Entailment	A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water	A black animal is jumping from a dock to the water
2761	Entailment	Two people are sitting on lawn chairs and are reading books.	Two people in two chairs are reading
2762	Entailment	A man and a young boy are riding in a yellow kayak	A yellow kayak is being sailed by a man and a young boy
2763	Entailment	A girl in blue is going down a green slide	A girl in blue is sliding down the slide
2764	Entailment	A cartoon plane is landing	The plane is landing
2765	Entailment	A caramel dog is running through the bush	A dog, which is caramel, is running through the bush
2766	Entailment	A woman is slicing a potato	A potato is being sliced by the woman
2767	Entailment	A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow	A young Asian woman wearing pink colored gloves is standing in the snow
2768	Entailment	A man is roasting a snake	A man is cooking a snake
2769	Entailment	A group of people are looking at the sound equipment	A group of people are standing around a stereo
2770	Entailment	A cheerful baby is laughing	A baby is laughing
2771	Entailment	A blond boy is sliding down sand dune on a skateboard	A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard
2772	Entailment	A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with his bare hands.	A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with his own hands.
2773	Entailment	Ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow team jersey and is defending the goal	A yellow shirt hockey player is protecting the goal
2774	Entailment	A man in a hat is anxiously walking around a store.	A man in a hat is walking through a store.
2775	Entailment	A man is eating a bowl of cereal.	The man is eating cereal
2776	Entailment	A man is folding a tortilla	A person is wrapping a tortilla
2777	Entailment	The sheepdog is herding a flock of sheep	A sheepdog is herding a flock of sheep
2778	Entailment	A young woman is shaking hands with a man	A man and a woman are shaking hands.
2779	Entailment	A wooden flute is played by a man	A man is playing a wooden flute
2780	Entailment	A man is doing a trick with a bike in midair	The cyclist is performing a trick in the air.
2781	Entailment	The woman is cutting a vegetable	A woman is slicing a vegetable
2782	Entailment	A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman.	A dress that is black, red, white and pink is being worn by a woman
2783	Entailment	The man is drawing	A man is making a sketch
2784	Entailment	A boy is sitting in a room and is playing the piano next to a lamp	A boy is playing a keyboard
2785	Entailment	An outdoor ice skating park is full of people	Many people are in an ice skating park
2786	Entailment	A girl is waking up	A girl is waking up
2787	Entailment	A man is riding a water toy in the water	A man is playing with a water toy in the water.
2788	Entailment	Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing the ball	Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a toy
2789	Entailment	Two young boys are looking at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue	Two kids are looking at the camera and one is showing tongue
2790	Entailment	A cat is thrown on the ceiling by one person	A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling
2791	Entailment	A man is walking in the rain.	A man is walking in the rain
2792	Entailment	Three men are staring at the large green hills in the distance.	Some men are staring at the big green hills in the distance.
2793	Entailment	A woman in jeans is sitting in the saddle of a horse	The woman wearing jeans is sitting in the saddle of a horse
2794	Entailment	A brown dog is running through the grass that is tall and green	A brown dog is running across the tall green grass
2795	Entailment	A man in a purple-dyed shirt is looking at a man in a black shirt who is making a face that looks funny	A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
2796	Entailment	A boy, who is young, is playing a wind instrument	A child is playing an instrument
2797	Entailment	A young bib boy is watching the camera	A small boy with a bib is watching the camera
2798	Entailment	Vegetables are being mixed in a pan by a man	A person is stirring vegetables in a pan
2799	Entailment	The man is playing a child inside a pool that is near the ocean	A man is playing a child in the pool that is near the ocean
2800	Entailment	Two bikes are being pedaled by two people	Two people are riding a bike
2801	Entailment	A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing	A girl who is small with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
2802	Entailment	Two men are fighting their fists in a ring	Men are fighting their fists in a ring
2803	Entailment	A man is chopping butter in a container	Butter is being stung in a container by a man
2804	Entailment	A brown and white dog is playing in the grass	A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn.
2805	Entailment	A boy is studying a calendar	A boy is looking at a calendar
2806	Entailment	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan.	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan
2807	Entailment	A black sheep is standing next to three white dogs	A black sheep is standing near three white dogs
2808	Entailment	A boy is holding a water pistol	A child is holding a water gun
2809	Entailment	A black dog and a caramel dog are fighting	Two dogs are fighting
2810	Entailment	Some teens are dancing for the camera.	Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera.
2811	Entailment	The woman is breaking two eggs inside a glass bowl	The woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl made of glass
2812	Entailment	One basketball player is on the court floor and another is catching the ball	A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another.
2813	Entailment	A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth.	A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth.
2814	Entailment	A brown and white dog is running by the river	A brown and white dog is running through the water
2815	Entailment	A black and white dog is playing with a withered volleyball	A black and white dog is playing with a broken ball.
2816	Entailment	A man is jumping in a pool	A man is diving in a pool
2817	Entailment	A karate practitioner is kicking another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.	A karate practitioner is kicking another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.
2818	Entailment	A woman is cracking some eggs in a bowl	A woman is cracking some eggs in a container
2819	Entailment	A brown dog and a red dog are having fun on the beach.	Brown dog and red dog are playing on the beach
2820	Entailment	The oil is being stirred by a man	The man is stirring the oil
2821	Entailment	A man is riding an electric bike	A man is riding a bicycle
2822	Entailment	The girl, who is young, is blowing a bubble that is huge	Young girl is blowing a bubble that is big
2823	Entailment	A boy wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill	A child wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
2824	Entailment	A man is kicking a soccer ball hard	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch
2825	Entailment	A woman is casting a shadow	The woman is casting shadow
2826	Entailment	The man is playing the drums	The drums are being played by man
2827	Entailment	Two groups of people are playing soccer	Two teams are competing in a soccer match
2828	Entailment	A man and two women in a dark room are sitting at a table with candles.	A man and two women in a dark room are sitting at a table with candles.
2829	Entailment	The subject is being studied by a man with a camera	A man with a camera is studying the subject.
2830	Entailment	A big dog and a little white dog are playing together	A big dog and a white-haired little dog are playing together
2831	Entailment	A man is cleaning the rim of the bowl	A man is cleaning the rim of a bowl
2832	Entailment	Two kids are playing in a pool with a green colored crocodile float	Two kids are playing in a pool with a green crocodile float
2833	Entailment	A man is turning on the microwave	A man is making the microwave work.
2834	Entailment	The red fantasy woman is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument	The red fantasy woman is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument
2835	Entailment	A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth	A dog, which has brown and white fur, is holding a baseball in its mouth.
2836	Entailment	A fish is being sliced by a man	A man is cutting a fish
2837	Entailment	A panda bear is eating some bamboo	The panda is eating bamboo
2838	Entailment	Some tofu is being sliced by a woman	Tofu is being sliced by a woman
2839	Entailment	A man is cutting the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword.	A person is cutting the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword.
2840	Entailment	A man is chopping butter in a tiny bowl	A man is chopping butter in a container
2841	Entailment	A man is walking along a track through nature.	A man is walking along a path in nature.
2842	Entailment	A man is slicing potatoes	Potatoes are being sliced by a man
2843	Entailment	A person in a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is moving near a rocky wall.	A person with a red hooded top and a black backpack is walking next to a rocky wall.
2844	Entailment	A man is riding a motorcycle	A man is riding a motorcycle
2845	Entailment	The cat perched on the table is looking out the window	The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window
2846	Entailment	A panda bear is eating some bamboo	A panda is eating a piece of bamboo.
2847	Entailment	Some herd of deer is crossing the street.	A herd of deer is crossing the street.
2848	Entailment	A man is outside and is throwing blades at a nearby target	A man is outside and is throwing blades at a nearby target.
2849	Entailment	A skilled person is riding a bicycle on a wheel	A person is riding a bicycle on one wheel
2850	Entailment	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes	A little oil is being poured over the tomatoes by a man
2851	Entailment	A man is crouching in the bush and is taking a picture	A man is crouching and holding a camera
2852	Entailment	Some cyclists are doing stunts on a path near the water and a horizon.	Some cyclists are flying over the track near the water and the skyline.
2853	Entailment	A large crowd in warm clothes is posing for a camera	A large crowd of warm clothes is posing for a camera.
2854	Entailment	A woman is wearing a hearing protector and is shooting with a gun at an outdoor shooting range.	A woman is shooting a practice target
2855	Entailment	The girl is spraying the plants with water	The girl is watering the plants
2856	Entailment	The young boy is running by the waves of the ocean	A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
2857	Entailment	A man is dancing	The man is dancing
2858	Entailment	A box is being cut by a man	A man is cutting a box.
2859	Entailment	Some kittens are eating.	A kitten is eating
2860	Entailment	A man is standing tiredly beside a bus	A man is standing near the bus
2861	Entailment	The man is typing on a machine used for shorthand	The man is operating a shorthand machine
2862	Entailment	The boy is examining a calendar	A boy is studying a calendar
2863	Entailment	Three men are looking absently into the distance.	Three men are looking into the distance
2864	Entailment	The man is singing gracefully and playing the guitar	A man is playing a guitar
2865	Entailment	A man is attentively taking pictures of a lake	A man is taking pictures of a lake
2866	Entailment	A dog is chasing an animal&#39;s tail in the grass	The tail of an animal is being chased by a dog in the grass
2867	Entailment	A family is buying something at the vending machine.	A family is buying something from a vending machine.
2868	Entailment	A potato is being sliced by man	A man is slicing potatoes
2869	Entailment	A horse is being ridden by a man	The person is riding a horse
2870	Entailment	A black and brown dog is watching a fly	A black and brown dog is looking at an insect.
2871	Entailment	The girl is wearing a white shirt with a pink skirt and is standing in front of a house	The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house
2872	Entailment	A woman is slicing an onion	A woman is cutting an onion
2873	Entailment	The chef is carefully pouring oil into the frying pan	The boss is carefully pouring oil into a frying pan
2874	Entailment	The lady is breaking eggs that are raw in a bowl	The lady is breaking raw eggs in the bowl
2875	Entailment	A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door.	A lot of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door.
2876	Entailment	A man is mixing vegetables in a pan	Vegetables are being mixed in a pan by a man
2877	Entailment	A lot of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door.	Children are playing in front of a large door.
2878	Entailment	A man is playing a harp	The man is playing a harp
2879	Entailment	The dog is pushing a boy into the water	A boy is being knocked over by the dog
2880	Entailment	A small child is climbing a climbing wall within a covered area.	A young child is climbing a climbing wall that is in a covered area.
2881	Entailment	A dog is quickly running uphill	A dog is running uphill
2882	Entailment	A black and a white dog are running happily in the grass.	A dog, which has black fur, and a white dog are running on the grass.
2883	Entailment	A girl in strange clothes is riding the bicycle	The bike is being pedaled by a girl in a weird outfit
2884	Entailment	A black sheep is standing near three white dogs	A black sheep is standing next to three white dogs
2885	Entailment	A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car	A child is sitting in a red and yellow colored toy car
2886	Entailment	A hungry man eats a bowl of cereal	The man is eating cereal
2887	Entailment	The young girl in a pink dyed shirt is quietly lying on the grass	The young girl with pink shirt is quietly lying on the grass
2888	Entailment	The person is writing with a pencil	The person is writing
2889	Entailment	A concentrated woman is playing the flute	A woman is playing a flute
2890	Entailment	Military officer is shouting at recruits	Military officer is shouting at recruits
2891	Entailment	A girl in a band is playing the flute	A girl in a band is playing an instrument
2892	Entailment	A man is slicing a fish	A fish is being cut by a man
2893	Entailment	Two women are dancing happily	Two women are dancing
2894	Entailment	The three men are dancing	Some men are dancing.
2895	Entailment	An electronic keyboard is being played by a man	A man is playing an electronic keyboard.
2896	Entailment	A clown is singing and people are dancing	A costumed artist is singing and people are dancing
2897	Entailment	One woman is quickly snowboarding downhill and another woman is standing behind her	One woman is snowboarding downhill and another woman is standing behind her
2898	Entailment	Three men and one woman are standing for a photo	One woman and three men are posing for the picture.
2899	Entailment	An oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces	A woman is slicing a carrot
2900	Entailment	A wee dog is lying in bed	A little dog is lying in a bed
2901	Entailment	A woman is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush	The person is rubbing a zucchini
2902	Entailment	A man is cutting an onion	A man is chopping an onion
2903	Entailment	A person is chopping a red onion	A person is chopping an onion
2904	Entailment	A gray dog is jumping towards a black and white dog in the soft snow	A gray dog is jumping towards a black and white dog in the snow.
2905	Entailment	A tiger is anxiously walking around a cage.	A tiger is walking around the cage.
2906	Entailment	A woman is receiving volleyball balls from another woman	One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
2907	Entailment	Some women are holding hands in a circle and are dancing	A small group of women are holding each other and dancing together.
2908	Entailment	Some water is being drunk casually by a cat.	Some water is being drunk by a cat
2909	Entailment	Someone is putting ingredients in a wok	Someone is putting ingredients in the frying pan
2910	Entailment	The puppy is playing with a plastic container	The puppy is playing with a container made of plastic.
2911	Entailment	Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths	Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths
2912	Entailment	A small boy in red clothes is jumping in the air	A small boy in red-dyed clothes is jumping in the air
2913	Entailment	A woman is casting a shadow	The shadow is being passed by a woman
2914	Entailment	The woman is stirring meat in a bowl	The lady is stirring meat in a bowl
2915	Entailment	The person in the blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet	A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
2916	Entailment	A man is standing near a large and colorful bird cage.	A man is standing next to a bird cage.
2917	Entailment	A soccer player is scoring a goal	Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball in the goal
2918	Entailment	A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach.	A group of people are near the sea.
2919	Entailment	Young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in the park	Young children are posing with a green field soccer ball in a park
2920	Entailment	Wee kids are climbing a statue in a park	Little children are climbing a statue in the park.
2921	Entailment	The boss is carefully pouring oil into a frying pan	The chef is carefully pouring oil into the frying pan
2922	Entailment	The cat is playing with a watermelon	A cat is playing with a watermelon
2923	Entailment	A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man.	A man and a woman are standing on the sidewalk.
2924	Entailment	A man is playing keyboards	A man is playing an instrument
2925	Entailment	Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing idly in front of a large gathering of people outside a building.	Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large group of people outside a building.
2926	Entailment	A wild deer is jumping over a fence	A deer is jumping over a fence
2927	Entailment	A dog, which is brown, and one that is black, are running in the grass.	A dog, which is brown, and a black are running on the grass.
2928	Entailment	A little boy is standing in the woods	The wee boy is standing in the forest
2929	Entailment	A boy is playing a guitar	A child is playing the guitar
2930	Entailment	The woman is slicing a tomato	Someone is cutting a tomato
2931	Entailment	A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area.	A man and a woman are walking through the wooded area.
2932	Entailment	A man is playing a guitar	Someone is strumming the guitar
2933	Entailment	A young couple is lying in a bed together	A young couple is lying in bed
2934	Entailment	A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn.	A brown and white dog is playing in the grass
2935	Entailment	A dirty soccer ball is rolling into the goal net	A soccer ball is rolling in the net
2936	Entailment	A little oil is being poured over the tomatoes by a man	The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
2937	Entailment	A mask is being held by a man in his raised hand.	A man is holding a mask in his raised hand.
2938	Entailment	The man is riding a horse	A man is riding a horse
2939	Entailment	A woman is cutting a potato	A woman is slicing a potato
2940	Entailment	A small dog is running on the beach	The little dog is running in the sand
2941	Entailment	A child is waking up slowly.	A child is waking up
2942	Entailment	The man is doing floor exercises	A person is doing exercises.
2943	Entailment	The woman is adding sugar to the meat	A woman is adding spices to some meat
2944	Entailment	The man is playing the guitar	A man is playing the guitar
2945	Entailment	A man is opening a box with a knife.	A man is using a knife to open a box.
2946	Entailment	A man and a woman walk through wooded areas together	A man and a woman are walking through the wooded area.
2947	Entailment	A man is playing an electric guitar.	A man is playing a guitar
2948	Entailment	A handstand is being held by a man on the beach.	A man is holding a handstand at the beach
2949	Entailment	A woman is wearing costume and paint and is riding a bicycle on an empty street.	A girl in strange clothes is riding the bicycle
2950	Entailment	A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with a skateboard.	A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the skateboard
2951	Entailment	A man is walking slowly in the woods	A man is walking in the woods
2952	Entailment	Two men in a race are turning the tires of a tractor	Two people in a race are turning the tires of a tractor
2953	Entailment	A man is drawing a picture	The person is drawing
2954	Entailment	A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in the middle of a conversation	A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking
2955	Entailment	A band is performing on stage	A band is playing on stage.
2956	Entailment	A panda is climbing	Some panda is climbing
2957	Entailment	A man is sprinkling cheese on a pizza.	A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
2958	Entailment	A lion is tiredly walking anxiously in a cage.	The lion is tired walking anxiously in the cage.
2959	Entailment	A young man is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill	A young man is taking a motocross motorcycle up a dirt hill
2960	Entailment	The badger is digging a hole	A hole is being dug by the badger
2961	Entailment	A tiger is roaming around	A tiger is walking around
2962	Entailment	A black dog and a white dog are fighting each other on the floor.	A black dog and a white dog are fighting on the floor.
2963	Entailment	Two people wearing helmets are driving over yellow and white flowers	Two people wearing helmets are driving over white and yellow flowers
2964	Entailment	A dog is taking a stick from very clean water	A dog is taking a piece of wood from the clear water.
2965	Entailment	A child is smiling at the camera and swimming under water	A child is smiling at the camera and swimming under the water
2966	Entailment	Women are wearing bunny ears and running numbers and are curiously pointing to something far away.	Women are wearing bunny ears and running numbers and are pointing to something far away.
2967	Entailment	A man is playing field soccer	A man is playing a game with a ball.
2968	Entailment	Two men are fighting	Some men are fighting
2969	Entailment	A man is sitting on a boat facing the sunset near a flag	A man is in a boat in front of the sunset
2970	Entailment	The man is riding a horse near a stream	A horse is being mounted in a creek by a man
2971	Entailment	A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground.	A white dog is standing in the leaves on the ground.
2972	Entailment	Three men are practicing karate in a field	Three men are practicing karate outdoors
2973	Entailment	An onion is being cut by a woman	A woman is cutting an onion
2974	Entailment	A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for disabled people.	A boy is standing in front of the blue-painted building in the space reserved for people with disabilities.
2975	Entailment	A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot.	The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is cycling in a parking lot
2976	Entailment	The wave is being surfed by the surfer	A surfer is riding the wave
2977	Entailment	The tail of an animal is being chased by a dog in the grass	A dog is chasing an animal&#39;s tail in the grass
2978	Entailment	One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on the rock	One girl is jumping from a rock and another is standing on the rock
2979	Entailment	A person wearing jeans is sitting happily on top of a horse saddle	A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle
2980	Entailment	The man is carelessly spreading the butter on a slice of garlic bread	A man is carelessly spreading butter on a garlic bread.
2981	Entailment	A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink.	A man is climbing the cliff with a rope.
2982	Entailment	A man is shooting with a shotgun.	A man is shooting with a gun.
2983	Entailment	A person is dicing an onion	A person is chopping an onion
2984	Entailment	A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing water in the shallows	A child in a white t-shirt is splashing water in the shallows
2985	Entailment	A woman is squeezing juice from a lemon.	The woman is squeezing juice from a lemon
2986	Entailment	A tiger is walking aimlessly	A tiger is wandering aimlessly
2987	Entailment	The woman is walking a dog down the street	The woman is walking the dog
2988	Entailment	A man is carrying a rifle with bullets.	A man is carrying a gun with bullets.
2989	Entailment	A golden-haired dog is swimming awkwardly in the water.	A golden-haired dog is swimming by the water
2990	Entailment	A surfer is riding a big wave through the dark green water	The surfer is riding a big wave
2991	Entailment	A group of men are playing field soccer at the beach	A group of men are playing with a ball at the beach
2992	Entailment	Four Middle Eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing into the cave with a pink interior.	The cave with pink interior is being climbed by four Middle Eastern children, three girls and a boy.
2993	Entailment	A man is playing a big flute	A man is playing a flute
2994	Entailment	The light brown dog is running up the street	A light brown dog is running up the street
2995	Entailment	Quads are being driven by three people	Three people are driving ATVs
2996	Entailment	A man is shooting with a shotgun.	A man is firing a gun
2997	Entailment	A tower is being seen by a blonde lady	A blonde lady is looking at a tower
2998	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	A man is playing the guitar
2999	Entailment	Rhino is grazing in the grass	The animal is grazing in the grass
3000	Entailment	The person is walking	The person is walking
3001	Entailment	A small girl is playing a very large piano on the stage.	A small girl is playing the piano
3002	Entailment	The man is splashing water with a water gun in the dog&#39;s mouth	A man is sneezing with a cup of water in the dog&#39;s mouth
3003	Entailment	A person is cutting an onion	That person is cutting an onion
3004	Entailment	The wee boy is playing with the dog	A wee boy is playing with a dog
3005	Entailment	Cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms	Cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms that are black, pink and white
3006	Entailment	A man is sitting on the floor in a room and is strumming a guitar	The man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar
3007	Entailment	A little child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase.	A small child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete ladder.
3008	Entailment	The black dog is climbing a rock	A rock is being climbed by the black dog
3009	Entailment	A child is playing the guitar	The guitar is being played by a child
3010	Entailment	A red obstacle is being jumped by a big brown dog	A brown dog is jumping over a red obstacle
3011	Entailment	A woman is chopping onions	A woman is chopping onion
3012	Entailment	The woman is dancing	A woman is dancing
3013	Entailment	A woman is slicing a pepper that is big	A woman is slicing a large pepper.
3014	Entailment	A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope.	A kitten is playing with a blue toy rope
3015	Entailment	A very long-haired dog and a red outfit is running in the grass	The red-haired dog is running in the field
3016	Entailment	A paper plate is being cut by a man	The man is cutting a paper plate
3017	Entailment	The man is playing the guitar	The person is playing the guitar
3018	Entailment	A man is holding a small animal in one hand.	A man is holding a tiny animal in one hand
3019	Entailment	A woman is walking on a city street	A woman is walking on a road
3020	Entailment	The lion is tired walking anxiously in the cage.	A lion is tiredly walking anxiously in a cage.
3021	Entailment	The bread is being sliced by a man	The man is slicing bread
3022	Entailment	Someone is cleaning an animal	Someone is sanitizing an animal
3023	Entailment	A boy is hitting a man with a plastic sword	A boy is hitting a man with a sword
3024	Entailment	Someone is cutting a tomato	A guy is cutting a tomato
3025	Entailment	An instrument is being played by a woman in a red dress	A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument
3026	Entailment	A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pan on the stove	A person is pouring cooking oil into a pan
3027	Entailment	A small boy is playing the guitar	A young boy is playing the guitar
3028	Entailment	Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran.	A veteran is showing different things from a war to some people.
3029	Entailment	A black dog is playing with a brown dog in the sand	A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
3030	Entailment	A frog is being carelessly held by a man	A man is carelessly holding a frog
3031	Entailment	A woman is casting a shadow	A woman is putting on makeup
3032	Entailment	Someone is reading the email	A person is reading the email
3033	Entailment	The black dog is playing with the brown dog in the sand	A black dog is playing with a brown dog in the sand
3034	Entailment	A cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence	The cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence
3035	Entailment	A man is playing the drums	A man is playing the instrument
3036	Entailment	A man is riding a bicycle	A bicycle is being pedaled by a man
3037	Entailment	A group of friends are sailing the current in a dinghy	The stream is being sailed by a group of friends in a dinghy
3038	Entailment	An aircraft is taking off	A plane is taking off
3039	Entailment	A man is cutting a paper board.	A paper plate is being cut by man
3040	Entailment	A woman is boiling pasta in the water	The person is boiling noodles
3041	Entailment	Three people are driving ATVs	Quads are being driven by three people
3042	Entailment	A girl dressed in purple and blue is walking slowly beside her bicycle at night.	A girl dressed in purple and blue is riding beside her bike at night
3043	Entailment	The man is running on the road	A man is running on the road
3044	Entailment	Two men are competing in a tire race	Two men are competing in a tire competition
3045	Entailment	The woman is playing the flute	A woman is playing a flute
3046	Entailment	The small boy with brown hair is jumping from a brown chair to the floor	A young boy is jumping fast from a chair
3047	Entailment	The piece of paper is being cut	Someone is cutting some paper with scissors
3048	Entailment	The woman is playing with two young boys in a park	A woman is playing with two young boys in a park
3049	Entailment	A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting in a busy area writing something.	A man in paint-covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something.
3050	Entailment	The girl is riding a horse	The horse is being ridden by the girl
3051	Entailment	A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl.	Ingredients are being poured into a bowl by a woman.
3052	Entailment	A very long-haired dog is being displayed by a woman at a dog show	A woman is showing a very longhaired dog in a dog show
3053	Entailment	A man is exercising	A man is doing exercises.
3054	Entailment	One daughter is being pushed by her father in a go-cart and another girl is watching	One father is pushing his daughter in a go-cart and another girl is watching
3055	Entailment	A woman is cutting a tomato	A woman is slicing a tomato
3056	Entailment	Brown dogs are playing fighting on the sandy shore	Brown dogs are playfully fighting on the beach sand
3057	Entailment	A rabbit is playing with a stuffed rabbit	A hare is playing with a stuffed rabbit
3058	Entailment	A woman without shoes is sitting with a blanket under a lilac umbrella	A barefoot woman is sitting on a blanket under a lilac umbrella
3059	Entailment	A dog is gathering a flock of white sheep on a dusty farm	A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm
3060	Entailment	The young girl with pink shirt is quietly lying on the grass	The young girl in a pink dyed shirt is quietly lying on the grass
3061	Entailment	A man is talking to the woman who is sitting next to him and is driving a car	A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is sitting next to her
3062	Entailment	A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale	A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale
3063	Entailment	Some bearded man is standing near a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign.	A bearded man is standing near a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign.
3064	Entailment	The woman is slicing a clove of garlic	A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
3065	Entailment	Pasta is being boiled in water by a woman	A woman is boiling pasta in the water
3066	Entailment	A big dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth	An oversize dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
3067	Entailment	A man is cutting a box.	A box is being cut by a man
3068	Entailment	A man and a woman are having a conversation.	A man and a woman are talking
3069	Entailment	An elegant woman is inside a crowd of people and is looking down.	A woman dressed in elegant clothes is inside a crowd of people and is looking down.
3070	Entailment	Three infants are running downhill	Three kids are running down the hill
3071	Entailment	Brown dog and red dog are playing on the beach	A brown dog and a red dog are having fun on the beach.
3072	Entailment	A cyclist is jumping in the air alone	A lonely cyclist is jumping in the air
3073	Entailment	A dog that is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.	A dog that is furry and black is in the yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
3074	Entailment	A big jump is being performed by a man	The man is making a big leap
3075	Entailment	Someone is cutting a tomato	Someone is slicing a tomato
3076	Entailment	A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball ball in a brown field.	A black and white dog is playing with a withered volleyball
3077	Entailment	Oil is being poured into a sautese by a man	A man is pouring oil into a sautese
3078	Entailment	A rhino is grazing in a field	Rhino is grazing in the grass
3079	Entailment	A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette.	A person is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette.
3080	Entailment	Football is being played by two competing teams	Two teams are competing in a soccer match
3081	Entailment	The man is sprinkling cheese on pizza	A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
3082	Entailment	A man is playing a guitar	Someone is playing the guitar
3083	Entailment	This cat is playing with a watermelon	The cat is playing with a watermelon
3084	Entailment	The crowd is watching a soccer game	A soccer game is being watched by the crowd
3085	Entailment	A young girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads	A girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads
3086	Entailment	A dress that is black, red, white and pink is being worn by a woman	A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman.
3087	Entailment	A woman is casting a shadow	A woman is putting makeup on her eyelid
3088	Entailment	A group of race dogs are wearing striped uniforms and are running down the track.	A group of dogs bred for running are wearing striped uniforms and are running along the way.
3089	Entailment	A snowboarder is spinning around a snowdrift	Snowboarder is spinning in the air over a snowdrift
3090	Entailment	Two men and a girl in front of a wooden wall are posing with funny faces	Two men and a girl in front of a wooden wall are making funny faces
3091	Entailment	The red and brown dog is sticking its muzzle inside a gift bag	A red and brown dog is sticking its muzzle in the gift bag.
3092	Entailment	An onion is being cut by a man	A man is cutting an onion
3093	Entailment	A person in a blue jacket is jumping off a tall concrete wall	A person in a blue jacket is jumping from a high cement wall.
3094	Entailment	The plane, which is South African, is flying in a blue sky.	South African plane is flying in the blue sky
3095	Entailment	Snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill	Snowboarder is jumping from the snow.
3096	Entailment	Some people are walking through the snow of a beautiful snowy landscape.	Some people are going through the snow landscape which is beautiful and snowy
3097	Entailment	A man is following a woman through the woods	The man and the woman are walking
3098	Entailment	A soccer player is scoring a goal	A soccer player is scoring a goal
3099	Entailment	Two cats are fighting each other playfully	Two cats are fighting each other
3100	Entailment	A cartoon plane is landing	A plane is landing
3101	Entailment	The shadow is being passed by a woman	A woman is casting a shadow
3102	Entailment	A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face	A boy in a blue-dyed shirt has dirt on his face
3103	Entailment	The small child is singing and playing guitar	A baby is playing a guitar
3104	Entailment	A kitten is eating	Some kittens are eating.
3105	Entailment	A man is having fun with the water	A man is playing with water
3106	Entailment	The food in the trays is being eaten by the puppies	Some kittens are eating.
3107	Entailment	Two men are fighting in a cow pasture	Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
3108	Entailment	A man in paint-covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something.	A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting in a busy area writing something.
3109	Entailment	A blonde woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside	A woman with blond hair is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
3110	Entailment	A man with climbing equipment is hanging on a rock, which is vertical and white.	A man with climbing gear is hanging on a vertical white rock
3111	Entailment	The man is riding a bike in the snow and is wearing a red jacket	The cyclist is riding a bike in the snow and wearing a red jacket
3112	Entailment	Several people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights	Several customers are eating in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
3113	Entailment	A large white crane is flying near the water.	A large white crane is flying near the water.
3114	Entailment	The man is eating cereal	Cereal is being eaten by man
3115	Entailment	The guitar is being played by a child	A child is playing the guitar
3116	Entailment	The man is abruptly knocked off a horse	The man is being knocked off the horse
3117	Entailment	The drums are being played by man	A man is playing the drums
3118	Entailment	A man is making a speech at a podium	A man is speaking at a podium
3119	Entailment	A child with blond hair is holding a yellow bottle	A blonde child is holding a yellow bottle
3120	Entailment	A small girl wearing a pink shirt is playing t-ball and bouncing	A small girl in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and bouncing
3121	Entailment	The rescue boat, which is orange, is running through the water.	Orange rescue boat is running through the water
3122	Entailment	A race car driver is standing and fiercely pointing his hand to the sky.	A race car driver is standing and pointing his hand to the sky
3123	Entailment	Two little boys are playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass	Kids are playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass
3124	Entailment	A fish is swimming	Some fish are swimming
3125	Entailment	People are sitting around a campfire at night.	People are clustered around a campfire at night
3126	Entailment	The brown dog and the gray dog are playing in the snow	A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow.
3127	Entailment	A woman is talking to a man	A man is talking to a woman
3128	Entailment	A keyboard is being played by a man	A man is playing the keyboard
3129	Entailment	A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach	The girl in the black hat is wearing a bikini on the beach
3130	Entailment	A man is preparing a plate	A man is preparing some dish
3131	Entailment	A man is riding a mountain bike down a dirt hill	A person is riding a mountain bike downhill
3132	Entailment	Two people are looking at a statue made of gold.	Two people are looking at a golden statue
3133	Entailment	The man is abruptly knocked off a horse	Someone is falling off a horse
3134	Entailment	A small boy with brown hair is jumping from the brown chair to the floor.	A young boy is jumping from a chair
3135	Entailment	A white cat perched on a tiny wooden closet is looking out the window.	The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window
3136	Entailment	An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern and is clumsily carrying two newspapers.	An old woman is wearing a shirt with rose patterns and is clumsily carrying two newspapers.
3137	Entailment	A person is pouring olive oil into a pan on the stove	A person is pouring cooking oil into a pan
3138	Entailment	A man is cooking a snake	A man is roasting a snake
3139	Entailment	A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing	A black shirt is being worn by a man who is sitting at the table and laughing
3140	Entailment	A young girl is using sign language	A girl is using sign language
3141	Entailment	A man is playing the guitar	A man is playing a guitar
3142	Entailment	A pencil is being sharpened by the machine	A machine is sharpening a pencil
3143	Entailment	A rock is being climbed by the black dog	The black dog is climbing a rock
3144	Entailment	A woman is dancing and singing with other women	Some women are dancing and singing.
3145	Entailment	A rhino, which is a cub, is walking through the corral with its mother.	A baby rhino is walking around a cage with its mother
3146	Entailment	A person is writing	A person is writing something down with a pencil.
3147	Entailment	Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand	Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
3148	Entailment	An outdoor ice skating park is full of people	The outdoor ice skating rink is full of people
3149	Entailment	The panda bear is resting on the logs	The panda bear is lying on the trunks
3150	Entailment	A man is showing a wee monkey	A man is displaying a wee monkey
3151	Entailment	A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes.	A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes.
3152	Entailment	A group of people are holding drinks and pointing at the camera.	Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera.
3153	Entailment	A yellow kayak is being sailed by a man and a young boy	A man and a young boy are riding in a yellow kayak
3154	Entailment	A skateboarder is performing stunts on the track.	A skateboarder is doing tricks on a track.
3155	Entailment	A boy is looking closely at the calendar	A boy is checking a calendar
3156	Entailment	A black and white dog with a large branch is running on the grass.	A black and white dog is carrying a big stick in the green grass
3157	Entailment	A brown and white dog is playing in the grass	A dog is playing in the green grass
3158	Entailment	A man is holding a mask in his raised hand.	A mask is being held by a man in his raised hand.
3159	Entailment	Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves	Kids in red shirts are playing in the leaves
3160	Entailment	A child is practicing with an instrument.	A child is playing an instrument
3161	Entailment	A man is spreading butter on a large loaf of bread	A large piece of bread is having butter passed by a man
3162	Entailment	A man is riding a horse	The person is riding a horse
3163	Entailment	A family is watching a small boy who is hitting a baseball	A family is watching a boy hitting a baseball
3164	Entailment	Broccoli are being cut by a woman	A woman is cutting broccoli
3165	Entailment	A man is dangerously throwing knives at the tree.	A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree.
3166	Entailment	The man is playing the piano with his nose	A man is touching the keyboard with his nose
3167	Entailment	Orange juice is being drunk by a man who is walking on a sunny day.	A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day.
3168	Entailment	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car	Men are putting luggage in the trunk of a car
3169	Entailment	A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is sitting next to her	The woman and the man are traveling by car
3170	Entailment	An aircraft is taking off	A plane is taking off
3171	Entailment	Sign language is being used by a young girl	A young girl is using sign language
3172	Entailment	One person, who is topless and with a backpack, stands in front of a pile of rocks and clouds in the background.	A topless person with a backpack stands in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background.
3173	Entailment	Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city	Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city
3174	Entailment	A man is climbing the cliff with a rope.	A man is climbing a cliff with a rope.
3175	Entailment	A woman in purple clothes is taking a bicycle between two stone columns	A woman in a purple blouse is riding a bicycle between two stone columns.
3176	Entailment	Young girl is blowing a bubble that is big	The girl, who is young, is blowing a bubble that is huge
3177	Entailment	A large group of cheerleaders are walking in a parade.	Many cheerleaders are walking in the parade
3178	Entailment	The elephant is being ridden by the woman	The woman is riding elephant
3179	Entailment	A woman in a dyed yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard.	A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink board
3180	Entailment	One dog is chasing another and is holding a piece of wood in its mouth	One dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
3181	Entailment	A small child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete ladder.	A little child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase.
3182	Entailment	A group of soccer players are running on the field.	A group of people playing soccer are running on the field.
3183	Entailment	A potato is being cut by a man	A man is cutting a potato
3184	Entailment	Hay is being eaten by a cow	A cow is eating grass
3185	Entailment	A man is breaking tiles with his hands.	Tiles are being broken with his hands by a man
3186	Entailment	A girl is combing her hair	A girl is combing her hair
3187	Entailment	Four people are walking on the beach	A group of people are on a beach
3188	Entailment	A blonde child is holding a yellow bottle	A child with blond hair is holding a yellow bottle
3189	Entailment	A flute is being played adorable by a girl	A woman is playing the flute
3190	Entailment	A black dog is jumping from a rock in a pond	A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
3191	Entailment	A boy is looking at a calendar	The boy is examining a calendar
3192	Entailment	A person is slicing an onion	An onion is being sliced by one person
3193	Entailment	The woman is cutting cooked octopus	A woman is cutting an octopus
3194	Entailment	The pepper is being sliced by a woman with a knife	A woman is slicing a green pepper
3195	Entailment	A man and a woman are walking through the woods	The man and the woman are walking through the woods
3196	Entailment	A monkey is kicking a person	A person is being kicked by a monkey
3197	Entailment	Cereal is being eaten by man	The man is eating cereal
3198	Entailment	A soccer player is kicking the ball into the goal	A person playing field soccer is kicking a ball to the goal
3199	Entailment	A flute is being played by a girl	A girl is playing a wind instrument
3200	Entailment	A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave	The buttons of a microwave are being pressed by a man
3201	Entailment	A dog is opening a can of food	A dog is biting a can
3202	Entailment	A man is opening a tiny package containing headphones	A man is opening a package containing headphones
3203	Entailment	Garlic is being diced by a woman	A woman is chopping garlic
3204	Entailment	The squirrel is running in circles.	A squirrel is running in circles.
3205	Entailment	A silky gray dog is sleeping in the grass and a brown dog is looking	A gray silky dog is lying on the grass and a brown dog is looking
3206	Entailment	Four Middle Eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing into the cave with a pink interior.	A group of children are playing in a structure that is colorful.
3207	Entailment	A man and a woman are walking pleasantly.	A woman and a man are walking
3208	Entailment	A dog is in the sand that is spreading in the air	A dog is in the sand being blown by the wind
3209	Entailment	Two dogs are running fast through a park	Two animals are running through the park
3210	Entailment	A man is carrying a tree.	A tree is being picked up by a man
3211	Entailment	A woman is clumsily putting meat in a frying pan	Meat is being poured into a frying pan
3212	Entailment	A woman is sewing with a machine	A woman is using a sewing machine.
3213	Entailment	A brown dog is running down a snowy path	A dog is running on a snowy path.
3214	Entailment	A young girl is sitting in a bathing suit	A young girl is sitting in a swimming outfit
3215	Entailment	A man is passionately playing a guitar.	Some man is passionately playing a guitar
3216	Entailment	A man is jumping in an empty swimming pool	A man is jumping in an empty pool
3217	Entailment	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing rods	Two men are holding fishing rods
3218	Entailment	The brown-haired dog is playing outdoors	The brown dog is playing outdoors
3219	Entailment	A man is wearing a protective helmet and dancing.	A man with a hard hat is dancing
3220	Entailment	A man and a woman are walking through the wooded area.	A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area.
3221	Entailment	People are walking down a busy street.	People are walking down a crowded street
3222	Entailment	Two panda bears are lying together.	Two pandas are lying together.
3223	Entailment	Meat is being minced to pieces by a woman	A lady is cutting meat into pieces
3224	Entailment	A young woman is playing the guitar	A girl is playing the guitar
3225	Entailment	The man is lifting weights	The weights are being lifted by the man.
3226	Entailment	The woman is playing the flute	The flute is being played by the woman
3227	Entailment	Eggs are being cracked in a bowl by a woman	A woman is cracking eggs in a bowl
3228	Entailment	A parrot is talking	The parrot is talking
3229	Entailment	The woman is frying a breaded pork chop	A woman is cooking a pork chop that is breaded
3230	Entailment	The woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby	A woman is holding and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms.
3231	Entailment	A man is burying a basketball in the basket and a crowd is in the background.	The player is burying the basketball and a crowd is in the background
3232	Entailment	A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument	An instrument is being played by a woman in a red dress
3233	Entailment	Two people wearing snow clothes are on the ground making snow angels	Two people in snow clothes are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
3234	Entailment	Two people are sitting on lawn chairs and are reading books.	Some people are sitting on lawn chairs and are reading books.
3235	Entailment	A dog is pushing a small child into a rain puddle	The dog is pushing a boy into the water
3236	Entailment	The man is seasoning the sausages	The man is seasoning the meat
3237	Entailment	Men are fighting their fists in a ring	Two men are fighting their fists in a ring
3238	Entailment	Some cat is playing with a watermelon	A cat is playing with a watermelon
3239	Entailment	The blonde girl is dancing in front of the stereo	The outfit in front of the dancing blonde girl is playing
3240	Entailment	The person is brushing a cat	A person is brushing a cat
3241	Entailment	The man in the white hat is playing the guitar on stage	A man in a white hat is playing guitar on the stage.
3242	Entailment	One boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching	One boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him.
3243	Entailment	The man is riding a horse near a stream	A horse is being ridden by a man
3244	Entailment	A woman is collecting tap water in a mug	A woman is collecting water from a tap in a mug
3245	Entailment	A black cat is swinging on a fan	A cat is swinging on a fan
3246	Entailment	A person is folding a piece of paper.	Someone is folding a piece of paper.
3247	Entailment	A man is dancing	A man is performing a dance
3248	Entailment	A black dog is jumping from one hay ball to another hay ball	A black dog is jumping from one hay ball to another hay ball
3249	Entailment	An old woman is wearing a shirt with rose patterns and is clumsily carrying two newspapers.	An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern and is clumsily carrying two newspapers.
3250	Entailment	The man is eating	The person is eating
3251	None	Snowboarder is jumping over from white snow.	Snowboarder is boldly jumping over white snow
3252	None	A person is kicking a soccer ball between the feet	There&#39;s no person kicking a soccer ball between someone&#39;s legs
3253	None	The woman is adding sugar to the meat	Woman is not adding sugar to meat
3254	None	A child is hitting a baseball	A boy is hitting a baseball
3255	None	A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine tree, is biting a bucket.	A dog that is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
3256	None	A woman is slicing a potato	A woman is slicing a carrot
3257	None	A lemur is eating	The animal with big eyes is sleeping
3258	None	A small girl is playing a very large piano on the stage.	A small girl is playing a grand piano on stage
3259	None	The girl in blue and white uniform is not cheering	A girl in blue uniform is raising her arm
3260	None	A man is frying a tortilla	There&#39;s no man frying a tortilla
3261	None	A man is sprinkling spice on several sliced and buttered breads.	A man is slicing some garlic and saving the bread
3262	None	A brown dog is helping another animal in front of the pants man	Two dogs are fighting and hugging
3263	None	The man is not cutting a paper board	A man is cutting a paper board.
3264	None	A crowd of people are near the water.	A group of children wearing the same clothes are waiting at a gate and one is kissing their mother
3265	None	There is no dog running and carrying an object in its mouth	One dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
3266	None	A woman is slicing a green pepper	The woman with the knife is not slicing a pepper
3267	None	A black helmet is being worn by a man pushing a bike	A biker is wearing a gear that is black
3268	None	Some kids are jumping on a trampoline.	Two boys are playing on a trampoline
3269	None	A sitting woman is singing a song and playing the guitar	A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book.
3270	None	A dog is pushing a small child into a rain puddle	The dog is not pushing the boy in the water
3271	None	There&#39;s no man riding a mechanical bull	A man is riding a mechanical bull.
3272	None	One is carefully slicing a potato	The man is slicing the potato
3273	None	A man is dancing	A man is singing passionately
3274	None	A white man is strolling a dog through the brown water with difficulty	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water
3275	None	The woman wearing silver pants with pink bell-bottom and a red scarf is happily riding a bicycle	A woman wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle across a pedestrian bridge
3276	None	A man is singing passionately	A man is dancing
3277	None	A man is dangerously extracting knives from a tree.	The man is doing a magic trick
3278	None	A person is slicing a carrot into pieces	A person is gathering pieces of an onion
3279	None	A man is still	A man is dancing
3280	None	A man is getting in a car	A man is getting into a car in a garage
3281	None	Someone is feeding an animal	No one is feeding an animal
3282	None	A man is pouring a plate of grated cheese into a sauce pan	The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
3283	None	An animal is rolling around in the garden	A dog is rolling around
3284	None	A cat is moving away from some corn	A cat is eating some corn
3285	None	A woman is slicing a carrot	An oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces
3286	None	A man is playing an instrument	A man is playing the guitar
3287	None	Four people are floating in a dinghy	People are rowing near a dinghy being sailed
3288	None	A man is stroking an alligator in the mouth	Chopped vegetables are being poured into a pan on the stove by one person
3289	None	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over an obstacle.	Some frantic runners on the green grass are screaming at the horses jumping over an obstacle.
3290	None	A man is chopping a log with an ax	The man is chopping a tree trunk with an ax
3291	None	Guitar is being played by two men	Two men are talking
3292	None	A dog that has brown and white fur is trotting in the shallows	There are no white and brown dogs struggling anxiously in the water.
3293	None	A woman with a ponytail is climbing a stone wall	A man with climbing gear is standing under a vertical white rock.
3294	None	Some men are dancing.	Some women are dancing.
3295	None	A man is putting garlic on some bread slices	There&#39;s no man sprinkling spice on many buttered slices of bread.
3296	None	A man is pointing at a car.	A man is pointing to a silver sedan
3297	None	There&#39;s no monkey wading through a swamp	A monkey is wading through the swamp
3298	None	A person is raising a steak with water	A man is washing a large piece of meat.
3299	None	A woman with a ponytail is climbing a stone wall	A man with climbing equipment is hanging on a rock, which is vertical and white.
3300	None	A woman is putting on makeup	A woman is putting on lipstick
3301	None	A group of children are playing in the house and there are no men standing in the background.	Young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby
3302	None	A man is riding a bicycle	A man is stopping the bike
3303	None	A brown dog is helping another animal in front of the pants man	A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants
3304	None	A woman is slicing a tomato	A woman is chilling a potato
3305	None	The elephant is being ridden by the woman	A person is recklessly riding a horse
3306	None	The women are dancing outside	There are no groups of people dancing
3307	None	Two cats are playing with a red ball.	Two brown dogs are playing a red ball and are playing in the grass
3308	None	The girl in the red shirt is blowing a bubble	A young girl is blowing a bubble that is very tiny
3309	None	A man is kicking a ball	A man is mixing the contents of a bowl.
3310	None	A woman is catching and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms.	A woman is releasing a kangaroo baby from her arms.
3311	None	The paper is being cut with scissors	The piece of paper is not being cut
3312	None	A man is leading the race	Some men in a competition are running outdoors.
3313	None	Two kids are hanging on a large branch	Two kids and an adult are not standing near a tree branch
3314	None	A flute is being played by a man	A flute is not being played by a man
3315	None	A wee boy is playing with a dog	A baby is happily playing with a dog
3316	None	A truck is rapidly climbing a hill	Some water is being drunk by a cat
3317	None	Two young women are fighting in a kickboxing fight	Two people are fighting kickboxing and spectators are watching
3318	None	A man is mixing the contents of a bowl.	A man is kicking a ball
3319	None	There is no man pushing the buttons on a microwave	A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
3320	None	A flute is being played by a girl	There&#39;s no woman playing a flute
3321	None	A man is outside and is throwing blades at a nearby target	The man is throwing knives at the tree.
3322	None	A man is riding a motorcycle	The horse is being ridden by a man
3323	None	A man is taking pictures of a lake	The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach
3324	None	There&#39;s no man sitting in the chair	The little girl is combing her hair in a ponytail
3325	None	A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture	A cat is not crawling under furniture
3326	None	Two dogs are sleeping near a tree	One dog is jumping high in the air and another is watching
3327	None	The person is eating	A man is eating some food
3328	None	The turtle is not following the fish	The turtle is following the fish
3329	None	A man is opening a package containing headphones	A man is singing and playing the guitar
3330	None	A man is spitting	A man is spitting on the floor
3331	None	Chopped vegetables are being poured into a pan on the stove by one person	A man is stroking an alligator in the mouth
3332	None	A child is hitting a baseball	A family is watching a small boy who is hitting a baseball
3333	None	An animal is resting	A squirrel is running in circles.
3334	None	A man is playing tape in a cut out box	A man is cutting a box.
3335	None	The cyclist is performing a trick in the air.	A man is doing a trick with a bike in midair
3336	None	A man is playing an electronic keyboard.	There&#39;s no man playing an electronic keyboard
3337	None	A dog in the yard is carrying black fur in the basket in its mouth.	A dog that is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
3338	None	The boy is not playing the piano happily	A piano is being played by a man
3339	None	The deer is jumping over a fence	A wild deer is jumping over a fence
3340	None	Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage	Several ferrets are climbing into the cage.
3341	None	A sleigh is full of children	A boy on a snow-covered hill is wearing a red blouse and a black hat and sliding on his knees.
3342	None	A woman is slicing a potato	The man is slicing vegetables
3343	None	A man is playing two keyboards.	A cat is playing a keyboard
3344	None	A player is running with the ball	Football is being played by two competing teams
3345	None	A woman is releasing a fish	A woman is boning a fish
3346	None	A couple of boys are playing a video game	Two boys on the couch are playing video games
3347	None	The boy is playing the piano	The boy is not playing the piano
3348	None	A man is silent	A man is singing
3349	None	Three teen girls are dancing in the room	Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera.
3350	None	A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass.	A man is running in a field
3351	None	A boy is playing a keyboard	There&#39;s no boy playing a keyboard
3352	None	A man is carelessly holding a frog	A man is filling a container made of plastic.
3353	None	A man is riding a horse	A man is driving a vehicle.
3354	None	A boy in a red and black slide is wearing a jacket and hat and has his knees covered in snow.	A child is slipping in the snow
3355	None	The woman is playing the flute	The woman is not playing the flute
3356	None	The man is doing floor exercises	The man is not doing floor exercises
3357	None	There is no person peeling an onion	The person is slicing onions
3358	None	There is no man doing a pose being watched by another man	A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
3359	None	Two people are walking two dogs with golden fur in the snow	Two people are in the snow without wearing camouflage clothing
3360	None	A woman is getting rid of a flute	A woman is playing the flute
3361	None	A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field	A cheetah is stalking its prey breathless across a field
3362	None	Several swimmers are jumping out of the water	Several swimmers are jumping in the water
3363	None	A man and a woman are not eating	A man and a woman are talking
3364	None	A man is coming out of the water	A man is emerging from a swamp
3365	None	A father is launching his daughter into a pool	The man is playing a child inside a pool that is near the ocean
3366	None	A girl is brushing her hair	A boy is combing his hair
3367	None	A man is playing a guitar	There&#39;s no woman playing an electric guitar
3368	None	The boy is riding on a tricycle	A woman is riding a motorcycle for water
3369	None	A crowd of people are near the water.	A group of mothers in uniform are standing near the children and one is kissing the gate.
3370	None	A man is sprinkling spice on several sliced and buttered breads.	A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
3371	None	A person is gathering pieces of an onion	A person is chopping an onion
3372	None	A man is standing still	A man is running down the road
3373	None	Two brown dogs are playing a red ball and are playing in the grass	Two cats are playing with a red ball.
3374	None	There are no dogs running happily in the grass	A white dog and a black dog are running side by side on the green grass.
3375	None	A child is playing a guitar	A teenager is playing the guitar
3376	None	The man is fasting	The man is eating
3377	None	A boy is climbing up a climbing wall and is attached to a rope	A climber on the wall is tied with an artificially constructed rope to the boy climbing
3378	None	The piano is being played by someone	Someone is feeding an animal
3379	None	A person is riding a bicycle on one wheel	A person in a black blouse is doing tricks on a motorcycle
3380	None	A man is playing field soccer	A man is playing baseball with a flute
3381	None	There&#39;s no man eating a banana	A man is eating a banana.
3382	None	A man is holding a trumpet.	A man is playing a trumpet
3383	None	A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door.	A wooden ball is being thrown through the door in front of a large group of boys.
3384	None	A man is thinking	A woman is thinking of a man
3385	None	A badger is cunningly digging the earth	There&#39;s no badger digging the earth shrewdly
3386	None	Someone is hitting a camera lens against a nail	The man is hammering a nail with a camera
3387	None	A woman is removing cosmetics from her eyelid.	A woman is putting makeup on her eyelid
3388	None	There&#39;s no man performing a trick on a green bike	A man is performing a trick on a green bike
3389	None	A man is riding an animal	A man is driving a car.
3390	None	Two teams are playing field soccer	Different teams are playing soccer on the field
3391	None	A toy train is without a toy car	A toy train is hitting a toy car
3392	None	A deer is jumping over a fence	A deer is not jumping over the fence
3393	None	A woman is peeling a potato	There&#39;s no woman peeling a potato
3394	None	A person is playing the keyboard	A pianist is playing the keyboard
3395	None	A cat is playing with a device	The boy is not playing in the mud
3396	None	There&#39;s no woman squeezing the juice of a lemon	A woman is squeezing juice from a lemon.
3397	None	A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass.	The dog is biting a few drops of water
3398	None	There&#39;s no monkey riding a bike	A man is riding a bicycle
3399	None	A woman is wearing an Egyptian cap	The woman with a black hat is wearing sunglasses
3400	None	A woman with a ponytail is climbing a stone wall	A woman with braids is climbing a stone wall
3401	None	The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach	A man is taking pictures of a lake
3402	None	The woman is measuring the other woman	You are measuring another woman&#39;s ankle
3403	None	The girl in blue and white uniform is cheering	A girl in a blue uniform is quickly raising her arm
3404	None	Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest	A small girl is looking at a fantasy woman
3405	None	A man is walking down the road	A man is slowly walking down a road.
3406	None	A person is slicing a loaf of bread	There&#39;s no man slicing some bread
3407	None	Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by one person.	A woman is vigorously breaking two eggs in a bowl.
3408	None	A guitar player has flowing blond hair	One person has flowing blond hair and is playing guitar
3409	None	A man is laughing	A man is screaming
3410	None	Meat is being poured into a frying pan	A frying pan is being poured over the meat
3411	None	A man is playing the drums	There&#39;s no man playing the drums
3412	None	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water	A dog that has a brown and white coat is sitting in the shallows
3413	None	There&#39;s no boy playing a guitar	A child is playing a guitar
3414	None	A man is emptying a container made of plastic	A man is filling a container made of plastic.
3415	None	A person is tearing paper	A man is cutting a ticket.
3416	None	The man in the gray t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall	A woman is sitting and looking at a waterfall
3417	None	A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a muddy puddle	A small boy is jumping in a puddle on the street.
3418	None	A cowgirl is riding in a barrel near a horse at the corner	The brown horse stands near a red barrel at the rodeo.
3419	None	The man and the boy are standing under the stairs, which is outdoors	The man and the boy are standing at the top of the stairs, which are outdoors.
3420	None	Two boys on the couch are playing video games	Two boys are studying
3421	None	A man and a woman are eating.	A man and a woman are eating happily
3422	None	A man is talking	A man is standing still
3423	None	A man is outside and is throwing blades at a nearby target.	The man is throwing knives at the tree.
3424	None	A kitten is playing with a toy.	A kitten is getting bored
3425	None	The woman is not pouring oil into the frying pan	The boy is playing the piano
3426	None	The man is cooking potato wedges	The man is slicing the potato
3427	None	A mother is giving her baby a corral with a walking rhino.	A baby rhino is walking around a cage with its mother
3428	None	Someone is falling off a horse	The man is being knocked off the horse
3429	None	A cat is playing a keyboard	A musician is playing two keyboards.
3430	None	The woman wearing silver pants with pink bell-bottom and a red scarf is happily riding a bicycle	The woman wearing silver pants with the pink bell-mouth and a pink scarf is riding a bicycle
3431	None	Someone is cooking okra in a pan	Someone is boiling okra in a pan
3432	None	Two men are competing in a tire race	Two people in a race are turning the tires of a tractor
3433	None	Jockeys are riding horses in the field, which is completely green	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over an obstacle.
3434	None	The piano is being played by a man	A man is playing a wooden flute
3435	None	The woman is not catching and holding a kangaroo baby	The woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby
3436	None	The cat is playing keyboards	A cat is playing a piano
3437	None	There&#39;s no man slicing a bread	A man is slicing a bread
3438	None	A man and a woman are standing in the woods	A man and a woman are walking through the woods
3439	None	A person is performing a card trick	A man is frying food
3440	None	Some ingredients are being separated into a bowl by one person.	A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
3441	None	Two kids are playing in a pool with a green colored crocodile float	Two kids are pulling an inflatable crocodile out of a pool
3442	None	Some women are dancing.	There&#39;s no woman dancing
3443	None	A man is sitting comfortably at the table.	A man is sitting at the table arguing comfortably.
3444	None	A man and a woman are walking through the woods together	A man and a woman are walking around the city together.
3445	None	The badger is not digging a hole	The badger is digging a hole
3446	None	A person is riding a bicycle on one wheel	A skilled person is riding a bicycle on a wheel
3447	None	A woman is applying cosmetics on her eyelid.	A woman is carefully applying cosmetics on her eyelid.
3448	None	Two young children are playing with a man eating curled up	Two little kids are eating curled up in a cart that is very tiny
3449	None	Some people are silent	Some people are singing
3450	None	A woman is riding a horse	A man is opening a package that does not contain headphones.
3451	None	The jug is being filled with water by a boy	A woman is collecting tap water in a mug
3452	None	Someone is sitting at the waterfall and is looking at a woman	The man in the gray t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
3453	None	A deer is jumping over a fence	A wild deer is jumping over a fence
3454	None	A man doing a pose is being watched by another man	A man in a purple shirt is tinting another shirt black, which has a man staring at a dog making a funny face
3455	None	There&#39;s no man singing to a woman	A man is talking on the phone.
3456	None	One dog is jumping high in the air and another is watching	Two dogs are playing near a plant
3457	None	A man doing exercises is being knocked over	The man is doing floor exercises
3458	None	A soccer player is kicking a ball out of goal	A soccer player is kicking the ball into the goal
3459	None	A boy is running away from a fishing line	A boy is running towards the fishing line
3460	None	A teen girl is wearing beads that are red	There&#39;s no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweater and earrings and smiling
3461	None	A man is watering a tree	A man is felling a tree with an ax.
3462	None	There&#39;s no cat playing with a device	A cat is playing with a device
3463	None	There&#39;s no man cutting a paper	A person is tearing paper
3464	None	Tofu is not being sliced by the woman	A girl is cutting butter in two pieces
3465	None	A man and a woman are walking through a wasteland	A man and a woman are walking through the wooded area.
3466	None	The man is dancing	The man is not dancing
3467	None	A man is dancing	The man is thinking
3468	None	A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench.	Two large park benches have one person sitting and have a soda bottle between them
3469	None	The man is erasing the drawing on the board	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work on the blackboard
3470	None	A man is running	A man is running down the road
3471	None	Two people are talking	Two men are talking
3472	None	Two people are shaking hands	An old woman is shaking hands with a man
3473	None	A person in a black blouse is doing tricks on a motorcycle	There is no man in a black jacket doing tricks on a motorcycle
3474	None	A woman is slicing a carrot	The man is slicing a tomato
3475	None	There are no parrots talking	A parrot is talking
3476	None	A man is shooting guns	There&#39;s no man shooting with guns
3477	None	A person is pouring cooking oil into a pan	A person is cleaning a pan of cooking oil
3478	None	A cat is sliding upside down on a couch	There&#39;s no cat sliding upside down under a couch
3479	None	A woman is dancing on a stage.	A woman is standing and a man is sitting idly
3480	None	Three asian kids are dancing and one man is looking	Three asian kids are dancing and one serious man is looking
3481	None	A man is playing a guitar	The man is singing gracefully and playing the guitar
3482	None	A man is not sitting comfortably at the table.	A man is sitting comfortably at the table.
3483	None	The man is walking a path through nature	A man of nature is on a path
3484	None	A man is playing the drums	A man is taking apart the battery
3485	None	Someone is taking apart a piano	Someone is playing a piano
3486	None	A dog is approaching a pan of food	A dog is biting a can
3487	None	A band is not playing on a stage	A band is playing on stage.
3488	None	A man is not rinsing a big steak	A person is raising a steak with water
3489	None	The black and white dog is running and a person is after him	A small dog is running and its owner is trying to catch it.
3490	None	A man is cutting a paper.	A man is cutting himself with a piece of paper.
3491	None	A lot of people are on the coast	People are on a sandy beach near the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day.
3492	None	A harp is being played with a hat by a man	A man is playing a guitar
3493	None	A boy is running towards the fishing line	A boy is running away from a fishing line
3494	None	Some men are resting	The men are running a race
3495	None	A horse is standing	A white horse is standing still
3496	None	The parrot is silent in front of the microphone	The parrot is speaking into the microphone
3497	None	A brown and white dog is resting on the grass.	A brown and white dog is crossing the tall grass
3498	None	A monkey is angrily kicking a target	The woman is not pouring oil in a sautese
3499	None	The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach	The picture of a man is being taken near a lake
3500	None	Two kids are playing in a pool with a green crocodile float	Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
3501	None	Several people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights	Few people are eating at red tables in a dimly lit restaurant
3502	None	A person is removing chopped vegetables from a pan on the stove	A man is stroking an alligator in the mouth
3503	None	A woman is applying makeup carefully	The singer is leaving the band
3504	None	A band is singing	A band is singing loud
3505	None	A dog is jumping in the air to catch a red ball	A small dog is playing in the green grass
3506	None	A jet plane is flying	No dogs barking
3507	None	The man on stage is singing into the microphone	A man on stage is singing passionately into the microphone.
3508	None	One dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth	There is no dog running and carrying an object in its mouth
3509	None	A soccer player is kicking the ball into the goal	A dirty soccer ball is rolling into the goal net
3510	None	A man is speaking on a stage.	A podium is where a man is talking
3511	None	A woman is standing and a man is sitting idly	A woman is dancing on a stage.
3512	None	An old woman is wearing a shirt with rose patterns and is clumsily carrying two newspapers.	An elderly woman is shirtless and is awkwardly knocking over two newspapers.
3513	None	The elephant is being led over a woman	A man is recklessly riding a horse
3514	None	A man is pointing to a silver sedan	There&#39;s no man pointing at a car
3515	None	A woman is applying cosmetics on her eyelid.	A woman is removing cosmetics from her eyelid.
3516	None	A woman is boiling eggs	A woman is drying eggs
3517	None	A woman is putting on makeup	A man is playing the guitar
3518	None	A group of mothers in uniform are standing near the children and one is kissing the gate.	A crowd of people are near the water.
3519	None	A man in a hat is playing the harp	A man is playing a guitar
3520	None	A woman is carefully removing her makeup.	A band is singing
3521	None	The girl is exercising	A man is exercising
3522	None	There&#39;s no man slicing a bread	A man is slicing a tomato
3523	None	People are playing cricket	People are not playing cricket
3524	None	A black woman is wearing glasses over her bandana	The woman is wearing glasses and a black cap
3525	None	The woman is chopping garlic	A woman is storing broccoli
3526	None	A man is playing the guitar	A man is playing the owner of a guitar
3527	None	A brown and white dog is crossing the tall grass	A white and caramel dog is running across the field
3528	None	Four young men are running away and a car is standing behind them	The boys are standing in front of the burning car
3529	None	A player is running with the ball	A player is throwing the ball
3530	None	The lady is dancing	A woman is dancing in a cage.
3531	None	Ferrets are climbing shelf below	Ferrets are climbing shelf above
3532	None	A man is carrying a tree.	A man is planting a tree.
3533	None	A small child is climbing a climbing wall within a covered area.	A young child is under a climbing wall that is in a covered area.
3534	None	A baby is playing with a dog	The wee boy is playing with the dog
3535	None	The dog is snapping a few drops of water	A noise is representing water dripping on the dog
3536	None	The man is dismounting from a motorcycle to a floor that is virtually arid	The man is riding a motorcycle on a ground that is virtually arid
3537	None	A man is playing field soccer	There&#39;s no man playing the flute
3538	None	Bikers are surrounding on a metallic bicycle of a boy.	A cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence
3539	None	Children are playing in front of a large door.	A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door.
3540	None	The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper	A woman is slicing a pepper that is green
3541	None	The soccer ball is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass	The soccer ball is not between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
3542	None	The woman is catching the kangaroo	The woman is not catching a baby kangaroo
3543	None	The parrot is speaking into the microphone	The speaker likes parrots
3544	None	The little girl is combing her hair in a ponytail	There&#39;s no man sitting in the chair
3545	None	The woman is slicing garlic	A woman is chopping broccoli
3546	None	A man with a hard hat is dancing	A man is dancing with a used helmet
3547	None	A boat is moored	A boat is calmly sailing on the water.
3548	None	Men are not fighting their fists in a ring	Men are fighting their fists in a ring
3549	None	A man is dancing	A man is moving gracefully
3550	None	Two young children are playing with a man eating curled up	Two young children are eating rolls
3551	None	A man is walking in the woods	A man is sitting in the woods
3552	None	A man is eating a banana.	The man is eating a banana near a tree.
3553	None	A man is jumping in an empty pool	A lonely cyclist is jumping in the air
3554	None	A kitten is playing with a toy.	A kitten is playing with a blue toy rope
3555	None	A woman is parking a watercraft	A woman is riding on a watercraft
3556	None	Not everyone is able to walk a lion	A lion is tiredly walking anxiously in a cage.
3557	None	No dogs barking	A puppy is barking
3558	None	Not everyone is able to walk a lion	A lion is walking slowly
3559	None	A boy is studying a calendar	There&#39;s no boy looking at a calendar
3560	None	A person is cleaning a pan of cooking oil	A person is pouring cooking oil into a pan
3561	None	There is no lion tiredly walking anxiously in a cage	A lion is walking slowly
3562	None	The woman is catching the kangaroo	A kangaroo is taking the woman&#39;s baby
3563	None	A man is giving mortals on a trampoline	Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
3564	None	A person is sitting comfortably at a table.	A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
3565	None	Two people are fighting kickboxing and spectators are watching	Two spectators are fighting kickboxing and some people are watching
3566	None	People are not playing cricket	Some men are playing cricket
3567	None	Tofu is being sliced by a woman	A girl is cutting butter in two pieces
3568	None	A boy in a red shirt stands in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera.	A boy is standing in front of the blue-painted building in the space reserved for people with disabilities.
3569	None	An angry man is aiming at a chimpanzee kicking	A monkey is angrily kicking a target
3570	None	A dog is playing with a toy	There&#39;s no dog eating a doll
3571	None	The guitar is being played by a lady	The person is practicing playing the guitar
3572	None	A snowboarder falls through the air	Snowboarder is jumping over from white snow.
3573	None	A man is arranging a garage for the car.	A man is getting into a car in a garage
3574	None	A father is playing his daughter in the pool	A father is taking his daughter out of a pool
3575	None	There&#39;s no woman playing an electric guitar	A man is playing a guitar
3576	None	There&#39;s no girl brushing your hair	A girl is brushing her hair
3577	None	Two girls are sitting on the floor	Two girls are lying on the floor
3578	None	A woman is cutting an onion	The lady is dicing onions
3579	None	A man dressed in black is riding a bicycle	There&#39;s no man performing a trick on a green bike
3580	None	There are no men playing field soccer	A man is playing field soccer
3581	None	A small dog is running and its owner is trying to catch it.	A small dog is slowing down and the owner is no longer chasing him
3582	None	The person is not drawing	The person is drawing
3583	None	No dogs barking	A jet plane is flying
3584	None	Some water is being drunk by a cat	A truck is rapidly climbing a hill
3585	None	A father is playing his daughter in the pool	A man is not playing a child in the pool that is near the ocean
3586	None	A man is pouring a plate of grated cheese into a sauce pan	A man is taking a plate of grated cheese from a sauce pan
3587	None	A person is putting meat in a sautese	A woman is putting the baby in a trash can
3588	None	The man is doing floor exercises	A man doing exercises is being knocked over
3589	None	The piece of paper is being cut	Paper and scissors both cut
3590	None	A teen girl is wearing beads that are red	The girl likes red and is not wearing beads for teenagers
3591	None	There&#39;s no woman slicing meat with a knife	A woman is slicing meat with a knife
3592	None	A woman is riding a horse	A woman is riding a brown horse
3593	None	The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken	The man is not stirring the oil
3594	None	There is no person writing	The person is writing with a pencil
3595	None	The man is not lifting weights	The man is lifting weights
3596	None	a man is cutting a potato	A woman is cutting a tomato
3597	None	A man is cutting a paper board.	There&#39;s no man cutting a paper plate
3598	None	Two little kids are eating curled up in a cart that is very tiny	Two young children are fasting
3599	None	A woman is holding a flute.	The woman is playing the flute
3600	None	The girl in the red shirt is blowing a bubble	A bubble exploded, tinting the girl&#39;s shirt red
3601	None	The person is drawing	The person is not drawing
3602	None	A person is playing the keyboard	A person is not playing the keyboard
3603	None	A white dog and a black dog are running side by side on the green grass.	A black and a white dog are running happily in the grass.
3604	None	People are walking outside a building that has many murals	Several people stand in front of a colorful building
3605	None	A boy is climbing down an artificially built wall for climbing and is not attached to the rope.	An afraid little boy is on a climbing wall.
3606	None	A man is doing exercises.	The man is not doing floor exercises
3607	None	The woman is not wearing glasses or a cap	A woman is wearing an Egyptian cap
3608	None	Some water is being drunk by a cat	A truck is speeding down the hill
3609	None	The man is being knocked off the horse	A horse is falling on someone
3610	None	A man is spitting on the floor	A man is talking
3611	None	A woman is pulling volleyballs over a net	A woman is receiving volleyball balls from another woman
3612	None	There&#39;s no person kicking a soccer ball between someone&#39;s legs	A person is kicking a soccer ball between the feet
3613	None	An elderly woman is shirtless and is awkwardly knocking over two newspapers.	A woman is wearing oversized sunglasses and is holding newspapers in both hands.
3614	None	Several people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights	A group of people in a large Asian restaurant are eating.
3615	None	A caramel white dog is running through the tall green grass	A black and caramel dog is running through the low green grass
3616	None	A woman is slicing a carrot	There&#39;s no woman slicing a potato
3617	None	A man in a hat is playing the harp	There&#39;s no man in the hat playing the harp
3618	None	The woman is measuring the other woman	You&#39;re not measuring another woman&#39;s ankle
3619	None	The dog is not snapping a few drops of water	A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass.
3620	None	The woman is dancing	The man is dancing
3621	None	A man is mixing	A man is mowing a lawn
3622	None	Someone is boiling okra in a pan	Someone is cooking okra in a pan
3623	None	The person is rubbing a zucchini	A woman is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
3624	None	There&#39;s no monkey brushing the dog	The monkey is brushing a bulldog
3625	None	Jockeys are running horses in the field, which is completely green	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over an obstacle.
3626	None	There&#39;s no white car being driven by man	The man is giving an interview
3627	None	A ping pong player meets two people	Two people are playing ping pong
3628	None	Two people wearing snow clothes are on the ground making snow angels	Two kids are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
3629	None	A drunk man is carefully watering a cat.	Some water is being drunk by a cat
3630	None	There&#39;s no boy looking at a calendar	A boy is studying a calendar
3631	None	A group of children in uniforms are standing at a gate and one is kissing their mother	A crowd of people are near the water.
3632	None	A woman is peeling a potato	There&#39;s no woman peeling a potato
3633	None	Someone is feeding an animal	The piano is being played by someone
3634	None	A young girl is blowing a bubble that is very tiny	The girl in the red shirt is blowing a bubble
3635	None	A dog is rolling around	An animal is rolling around in the garden
3636	None	A red helmet biker is riding a blue motorcycle down the road	A helmetless biker is waiting on a blue motorcycle near the road
3637	None	A small dog is playing in the green grass	A dog is jumping in the air to catch a red ball
3638	None	A woman is wearing an Indian burrow	The woman is wearing glasses and a black cap
3639	None	A person is riding a motorbike at a motocross-related event.	The person is driving a motorcycle on a sand trail
3640	None	There&#39;s no woman rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush	A woman is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
3641	None	A small child is climbing a climbing wall within a covered area.	A young boy is not climbing a wall made of stone
3642	None	A big potato is hitting a green ball	A big green ball is hitting a potato
3643	None	No one is performing a card trick	A person is performing a card trick
3644	None	A woman is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush	A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and rubbing with a brush
3645	None	The presentation is being attended by a class of students.	Students are filling the classroom
3646	None	A man is completely emptying a container made of plastic.	A man is carelessly holding a frog
3647	None	A man is singing to a woman	There&#39;s no man singing to a woman
3648	None	The cats are playing with each other	The cats are not playing with each other
3649	None	A man is slicing a tomato	A man is slicing a red tomato
3650	None	A man is playing a game with a ball.	A man is playing field soccer
3651	None	Two brown dogs are playing a red ball and are playing in the grass	Two sausages are playing with a red ball
3652	None	A woman is getting rid of a flute	A woman is playing a flute
3653	None	A toy device is amusing a cat	The boy is playing in the mud
3654	None	Some fish are swimming.	A fish is not swimming
3655	None	A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish	A boy is running towards the fishing line
3656	None	Several people stand in front of a building that is covered in color.	People are walking outside a building that has many murals
3657	None	A woman is dipping a shrimp in the batter	There&#39;s no man driving the car
3658	None	A person is riding a mechanical bull.	The man is riding a mechanical bull
3659	None	A kitten is playing with a toy.	The kitten is not playing with a toy
3660	None	Some boys are playing on the trampoline	Two boys are playing on a trampoline
3661	None	There&#39;s no man playing a guitar	A man is playing a guitar
3662	None	A cute panda is lying down	The panda bear is not lying on the logs
3663	None	There&#39;s nobody singing and playing guitar	A man is passionately playing a guitar.
3664	None	A person is getting out of the water	A man is coming out of the water
3665	None	A small boy in gym clothes is in a puddle on the street	A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a muddy puddle
3666	None	A boy is playing a keyboard	A boy is standing in a room by a lamp
3667	None	A man is walking down the road	The man is walking along a track by nature
3668	None	A dirty soccer ball is rolling into the goal net	A soccer player is kicking the ball into the goal
3669	None	A baby is happily playing with a dog	A wee boy is playing with a dog
3670	None	A woman is collecting tap water in a mug	A woman is emptying the water from a mug
3671	None	The man is not slicing vegetables	The man is slicing vegetables
3672	None	A woman is brushing her feet	A woman is chopping a red onion
3673	None	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over an obstacle.	Jockeys are riding horses in the field, which is completely green
3674	None	Two men are fighting in a cow pasture	Two men stand outside a cattle ranch
3675	None	A dog, which is black, and a white are ignoring each other on the street.	Two dogs of different breeds are looking across the street.
3676	None	An old man is sitting in a field	A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass.
3677	None	Two men are holding fishing rods	Two men are holding some water standing near the fishing rods
3678	None	A man is riding a motorcycle	A man is riding dangerously on a motorcycle through a city
3679	None	There&#39;s no man playing a harp	A man is playing a violin
3680	None	There are no groups of people dancing	The women are dancing outside
3681	None	A puppy is rolling back and forth repeatedly	There are no dogs rolling around
3682	None	A man is spreading butter on a large loaf of bread	A man is carelessly spreading butter on a garlic bread.
3683	None	A small boy is coming out of a puddle in the street	A small boy is jumping in a puddle on the street.
3684	None	Two people are arguing near a crowd	A woman is being kissed by a man
3685	None	A man is riding a horse	The man is riding a horse near a stream
3686	None	A small child is climbing a climbing wall within a covered area.	Young boy is climbing the stone wall
3687	None	A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach.	A man, a woman and two girls are sitting on the beach.
3688	None	Some boys are in front of people dancing	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
3689	None	The man is riding the animal	The horse is being ridden by a man
3690	None	A man is making a phone call.	A man is making a phone call
3691	None	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand	The monkey is not practicing martial arts
3692	None	A woman is squeezing a lemon	A woman is putting aside a lemon
3693	None	The monkey is not practicing martial arts	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand
3694	None	There are no riders running down the track	The men are running a race
3695	None	A band is singing loud	A woman is applying makeup carefully
3696	None	The oil is being stirred by a man	The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken
3697	None	A man is chopping butter in a container	A woman is cutting prawns
3698	None	A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.	Two dogs of different breeds are looking across the street.
3699	None	A man is driving a car.	There&#39;s no man driving the car
3700	None	A lion is walking slowly	Not everyone is able to walk a lion
3701	None	A man is playing a guitar	A talented man is playing the guitar
3702	None	A boy is wading by the blue ocean	A boy is standing in the water
3703	None	A man is dancing	A man is talking
3704	None	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino	A rhino, which is a cub, is walking through the corral with its mother.
3705	None	An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy	The man and the boy are standing at the top of the stairs, which are outdoors.
3706	None	An Asian girl in front of a brick window looks surprised	A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open
3707	None	A man is cutting a carrot with a knife	A man is slicing a carrot confidently with the knife
3708	None	The backyard light is playing tricks in the dark on the brown and black dog	A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.
3709	None	Two people are playing ping pong	No one is playing ping pong
3710	None	A woman is putting aside a lemon	A woman is squeezing a lemon
3711	None	There&#39;s no boy playing a keyboard	A boy is sitting in a room and is playing the piano next to a lamp
3712	None	A man is playing field soccer	There are no men playing field soccer
3713	None	Someone is drawing a person	A man is drawing a picture
3714	None	The man is playing a flute	The man is not playing a flute
3715	None	A person is riding a motorbike at a motocross-related event.	A motocross rider is giving a motorcycle to a person at an event.
3716	None	The piano is being played by someone	The piano is not being played by anyone
3717	None	A trumpet is being played by one person	A man is playing the guitar
3718	None	A group of people are near the ocean.	A group of children in uniforms are standing at a gate and one is kissing their mother
3719	None	The patient is helping the doctor	Doctors are reviving a man
3720	None	The woman is holding the eggs	The lady is breaking raw eggs in the bowl
3721	None	A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink.	A person with pink climbing equipment ran the rope over the rock
3722	None	A woman is dancing and singing alone	A woman is dancing and singing in the rain.
3723	None	A woman is holding a carrot.	A man is slicing a tomato
3724	None	The woman is pouring oil in a sautese	A chimpanzee is aggressively kicking the target
3725	None	A brown and white coat is floating in the shallows next to a trotting dog.	A dog that has brown and white fur is trotting in the shallows
3726	None	A man is running down the road	A man is betting race
3727	None	The player is burying the basketball and a crowd is in the background	The ball is being buried by a man in a team shirt at a basketball game.
3728	None	Two men are doing a very funny sketch with a boxer in front of a crowd of people	The boys are dancing in front of some people
3729	None	A woman is jumping with a bike	The girl in the helmet is perched on a bicycle
3730	None	A blonde girl is riding waves	A lady is surfing and catching a wave
3731	None	A woman is watching the lake	A woman is wakeboarding in a lake
3732	None	A pencil is being sharpened	The machine is sharpening the end of a pencil
3733	None	A man is climbing upwards on a rope.	The man is not climbing up a rope
3734	None	A boy is walking across a bridge	A man is being stopped on a rope bridge
3735	None	A dog is opening a can of food	A dog is approaching a pan of food
3736	None	A man is sitting comfortably at the table.	A man is not sitting comfortably at the table.
3737	None	The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl.	The kitten is not eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl.
3738	None	Two men are playing the guitar	Two girls are playing the guitar
3739	None	A person with cycling gear is standing facing some mountains	A group of people are equipped with safety equipment.
3740	None	A person is dancing on the roof.	A man is dancing on a roof.
3741	None	Many children are standing	Two girls are sitting on the floor
3742	None	Cowboy in blue and red pants is being hurled by a horse	A man is falling from a horse on a track and is thrown in the wild.
3743	None	People are not rowing and rowing	People are rowing and rowing
3744	None	A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open	A girl is looking surprised from a front window of a house in Asia
3745	None	The man is austerely playing a piano	A guy is playing excitedly with a sock ball
3746	None	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over the obstacle.	Jockeys are running horses in the field, which is completely green
3747	None	A man is riding a horse	A horse is riding on a man
3748	None	A person is singing and playing the guitar	A man is passionately playing the guitar
3749	None	A man is cutting a ticket.	A person is tearing paper
3750	None	A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and is using a whisk made of metal.	A person is taking eggs from a bowl
3751	None	A man and a woman are walking through the woods	A man and a woman are standing in the woods
3752	None	There&#39;s no man sitting in the chair	A man is sitting on the chair
3753	None	A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar	A man is sitting on the floor in a room and is strumming a guitar
3754	None	A man is playing the flute	A soccer player is playing the piano
3755	None	The girl is watering the plants	The girl is riding a horse
3756	None	A married couple is walking down the aisle	The priest is going down the aisle to marry a couple
3757	None	A biker is riding the motorcycle along the highway	A man in a red-painted helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road.
3758	None	A woman is chopping garlic	The woman is not dicing garlic
3759	None	Someone is playing the guitar	Someone is putting the guitar over there
3760	None	A woman is putting on some makeup carefully.	A band is singing
3761	None	A man is scared	A man is crying
3762	None	A child is playing with a dog toy	A dog is eating a doll
3763	None	A person is driving a jet ski in the waves.	A woman is riding on a watercraft
3764	None	A man is beating a boy with a plastic sword	A boy is hitting a man with a plastic sword
3765	None	A dog is approaching a pan of food	A dog is opening a can of food
3766	None	A lion is tiredly walking anxiously in a cage.	Not everyone is able to walk a lion
3767	None	A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants	A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the tall man in pants
3768	None	A man is holding a frog	There&#39;s no man holding a frog
3769	None	Someone is playing the guitar	There&#39;s nobody playing the guitar
3770	None	A dog is eating a doll	The dog is having fun with a toy
3771	None	A cook is quickly slicing some peppers	The person is dicing a pepper that is orange
3772	None	A fish is not swimming	A fish is swimming
3773	None	Someone is scratching an animal&#39;s belly	A woman is caressing a lemur
3774	None	A man is massaging a woman	A piece of wood is being screwed to a wall by a man
3775	None	A man is eating a banana.	There&#39;s no man eating a banana
3776	None	There&#39;s no man pouring liquid into a pan	The boss is carefully pouring oil into a frying pan
3777	None	A man is riding a motorcycle	A man is getting off the bike
3778	None	A boy is standing in the water	A boy is wading by the blue ocean
3779	None	A man is playing baseball with a flute	A man is playing the flute
3780	None	There&#39;s no man being hit	A boy is hitting a man with a sword
3781	None	A man is climbing upwards on a rope.	A man is going down a rope
3782	None	One person has flowing blond hair and is playing guitar	A man is playing a guitar on stage.
3783	None	A deer is jumping over the enclosure	The deer is jumping over a fence
3784	None	A girl is melting two pieces of butter together.	A girl is cutting butter in two pieces
3785	None	There&#39;s no little guinea pig biting and eating a piece of carrot on the ground	A guinea pig is eating a carrot
3786	None	The boys are not standing in front of the burning car	The boys are standing in front of the burning car
3787	None	A dog that is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.	A dog in a bucket is biting a tree that is probably a pine tree.
3788	None	A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish	A young man is running away from the fishing line
3789	None	An alligator is slapping a man&#39;s mouth	A person is pouring chopped vegetables into a pan on the stove
3790	None	A man is being hit by a child with a gun	A boy is hitting a man with a plastic sword
3791	None	A woman is applying makeup carefully	A woman is carefully removing her makeup.
3792	None	A woman is carefully applying cosmetics on her eyelid.	A woman is using an eyeliner and applying eyeliner on her eyelid.
3793	None	The man is slicing potatoes	A potato peel is falling on a woman
3794	None	A horse is falling on someone	The man is being knocked off the horse
3795	None	A dog, which is large and gray, is dropping a ball from its mouth and stopping in the grass	A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running through the grass.
3796	None	A man is playing the guitar	A person is stopping playing a trumpet
3797	None	A woman is putting on lipstick	There&#39;s no woman putting on lipstick
3798	None	A cat is playing with a device	There&#39;s no cat playing with a device
3799	None	A man is playing a piano	A man is playing a guitar
3800	None	A person is pouring olive oil into a pan on the stove	A person is pouring olive oil into a pan on the stove
3801	None	A group of Asian people are eating in a restaurant.	A large group of Asian people are eating in a restaurant.
3802	None	A blonde girl waves while passing	A blonde girl is riding waves
3803	None	The girl in the helmet is perched on a bicycle	A woman is jumping with a bike
3804	None	There is no person cutting an onion	A person is cutting an onion
3805	None	There&#39;s no woman riding a horse	A man is opening a package containing headphones
3806	None	Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snow-covered road.	Two men with bikes stand on the side of a snowy road
3807	None	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino	A rhino baby and his mother are standing in a cage
3808	None	A boy is standing in a room by a lamp	A boy is playing a keyboard
3809	None	A deer is not jumping over the fence	A deer is jumping over a fence
3810	None	A woman is slicing a large pepper.	A woman is washing a large pepper
3811	None	The boy on the grass is lying down and is holding the soccer ball between his feet	The small child is playing soccer and falling on the grass
3812	None	The man is running to reach the leadership	Some men in a competition are running abroad.
3813	None	A man, a woman and two girls are sitting on the beach.	A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach.
3814	None	The person is riding a motorcycle on a sandy track	The person is not riding a motorcycle on a sandy track
3815	None	A white dog and a black dog are running side by side on the green grass.	There are no dogs running happily in the grass
3816	None	A man is playing an instrument	A man in a hat is playing the harp
3817	None	An animal is skateboarding	A dog is skateboarding
3818	None	The guitar is being sold by a lady	The guitar is being played by a lady
3819	None	A man is sitting at the table arguing comfortably.	A man is sitting comfortably at the table.
3820	None	A man is talking	A man is dancing
3821	None	The woman is slicing herbs	The man is holding bread
3822	None	The lady is slicing the meat	The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
3823	None	A dog is jumping on a trampoline	A dog is lying on a trampoline
3824	None	There&#39;s no cat swinging on a fan	A cat is swinging on a fan
3825	None	Milk is a kitten drink	The milk is being drunk by a cat
3826	None	Some people are silent	A group of people are singing
3827	None	The soccer player is kicking the ball between someone&#39;s legs	Football player is not kicking the ball between someone&#39;s legs
3828	None	A boy in a red shirt stands behind a long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing the camera.	A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for disabled people.
3829	None	A child is slipping in the snow	A boy on a snow-covered hill is wearing a red blouse and a black hat and sliding on his knees.
3830	None	There&#39;s no woman slicing a clove of garlic	A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
3831	None	There&#39;s no girl wearing a shirt and keeping her mouth open	A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open
3832	None	There&#39;s no girl brushing your hair	A girl is combing her hair
3833	None	A dog, which is black, and a white are ignoring each other on the street.	A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.
3834	None	There&#39;s no man pouring some oil on the tomatoes	The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
3835	None	The man on stage is singing into the microphone	There is no man in a suit standing at the microphone and singing
3836	None	A baby is playing with a dog	There&#39;s no baby playing with a dog
3837	None	A baby is crawling happily	A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby
3838	None	A woman is slicing a large pepper.	The woman is slicing a clove of garlic
3839	None	A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting in a busy area writing something.	A man is sitting near a bicycle and writing a note.
3840	None	A dog is licking a baby	There&#39;s no dog licking a baby
3841	None	The picture of a man is being taken near a lake	A man is taking pictures of a lake
3842	None	A dog is chasing a stick and holding another dog in its mouth	One dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
3843	None	A man on stage is singing passionately into the microphone.	A man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone and singing
3844	None	Some people are standing	Some people are walking
3845	None	A woman is caressing a lemur	Someone is scratching an animal&#39;s back
3846	None	A group of children in uniforms are standing at a gate and one is kissing their mother	A crowd of people are far from the water
3847	None	The young girl with pink shirt is quietly lying on the grass	A pink shirt with white writing is being worn by a girl lying on the grass
3848	None	A woman is slicing a carrot	A man is slicing a tomato
3849	None	A woman is using an eyeliner and applying eyeliner on her eyelid.	A woman is removing cosmetics from her eyelid.
3850	None	A man in blue overalls is bravely riding a motorcycle	A man in blue overalls is failing to fly a motorcycle
3851	None	Some people are standing	A group of boy scouts are walking through the grass
3852	None	A cute panda is lying down	The panda bear is lying on the trunks
3853	None	Four girls are bridging and playing outdoors	Four kids are bridging the park
3854	None	A person is holding a frog	The woman is thumbing a frog
3855	None	A man is falling from a horse on a track and is thrown in the wild.	A man is abruptly falling from a horse on a track in the wild.
3856	None	There is no mime acting	Mimes are performing on a stage
3857	None	Oil is being poured into a frying pan by the woman	The boy is playing the piano
3858	None	A person is slicing a loaf of bread	A man is cutting a slice of bread.
3859	None	A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.	A man is dancing dangerously on a bedroom ceiling
3860	None	The boy is playing in the mud	A toy device is amusing a cat
3861	None	There&#39;s no man shouting	A man is screaming
3862	None	A horse is standing	A horse is running
3863	None	The woman is cutting a carrot	A woman is slicing an onion
3864	None	There&#39;s no man frying a tortilla	A person is performing a card trick
3865	None	The priest is going down the aisle to marry a couple	A married couple is walking down the aisle
3866	None	Two boys are not talking on the phone	A woman is talking on a telephone
3867	None	A woman is riding a motorcycle for water	The boy is riding on a tricycle
3868	None	A man is playing a guitar	A man is dropping a guitar
3869	None	Milk is a kitten drink	A kitten is drinking fresh milk.
3870	None	A person is planting a tree.	A man is chopping a tree with an ax
3871	None	There&#39;s no walking lion	A lion is tiredly walking anxiously in a cage.
3872	None	A cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence	The boy is riding a bicycle on top of a metal fence
3873	None	A brown and white dog is resting on the grass.	A caramel white dog is running through the tall green grass
3874	None	A child is playing an instrument	A child is throwing away an instrument
3875	None	Two people are fighting kickboxing and spectators are watching	Two young women are fighting in a kickboxing fight
3876	None	Girl is erasing another man&#39;s work from the board	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work on the blackboard
3877	None	The woman is not stirring meat in a bowl	The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
3878	None	A man is playing a guitar	A man is holding a guitar.
3879	None	The presentation is not being attended by a student classroom.	A classroom is full of students
3880	None	A biker is standing on the seat of a white motorcycle	A cyclist is on the black and white bicycle and is standing on the saddle.
3881	None	The woman is slicing a clove of garlic	A woman is slicing a large pepper.
3882	None	A man is dancing	A man is dancing on the road.
3883	None	Small girl is looking at a fantasy man	A small girl is looking at a fantasy woman
3884	None	An Egyptian is wearing a woman&#39;s den	A woman is wearing an Egyptian cap
3885	None	There&#39;s no woman cooking eggs	The woman is cooking something
3886	None	A man is playing the drums	There&#39;s no man playing the drums
3887	None	The girl is recklessly jumping into a car	A car is jumping riskily over a girl
3888	None	A man is walking outside	A man is dancing
3889	None	A woman is riding a watercraft	The boy is not riding a tricycle
3890	None	The singer is playing the guitar in front of a person	A man is passionately playing a guitar.
3891	None	Two people in a race are turning the tires of a tractor	Two men in a race are turning the tires of a tractor
3892	None	The pianist is being a tough man	A piano is being played by a man
3893	None	A man is not cautiously feeding the snake with a mouse.	A snake is being fed by a mouse by a man.
3894	None	An animal is running in circles.	A squirrel is running in circles.
3895	None	A lion is walking slowly	There&#39;s no walking lion
3896	None	The cat is licking a shallow plate full of milk	The cat is licking milk from a saucer
3897	None	The man is riding a motorcycle on a ground that is virtually arid	A man in blue overalls is bravely riding a motorcycle
3898	None	A boy is climbing down an artificially built wall for climbing and is not attached to the rope.	A boy is climbing up a climbing wall and is attached to a rope
3899	None	The woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby	The woman is not catching and holding a kangaroo baby
3900	None	A parrot is talking	The parrot is speaking into the microphone
3901	None	Two dogs of different breeds are looking across the street.	A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.
3902	None	A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it	A woman is preparing an egg in a sautese
3903	None	A car is jumping riskily over a girl	The girl is recklessly jumping into a car
3904	None	The person is riding a motorcycle on a sandy track	A person is riding a motorbike at a motocross-related event.
3905	None	A small girl is playing the piano	A small girl is playing a very large piano on the stage.
3906	None	The man is dancing	A man is talking
3907	None	A herd of deer is crossing the street.	A herd of reindeer is crossing a road fast.
3908	None	Someone is playing a piano	Someone is playing the piano beautifully
3909	None	Two boys are playing on a trampoline	Some kids are jumping on a trampoline.
3910	None	The deer is not jumping over the fence	The deer is jumping over the fence
3911	None	The monkey is brushing the dog	The monkey is brushing a bulldog
3912	None	A young child is under a climbing wall that is in a covered area.	Young boy is climbing the stone wall
3913	None	A woman and a man are walking	A man and a woman are sitting
3914	None	A black and a white dog are running happily in the grass.	There are no dogs running happily in the grass
3915	None	There&#39;s no cook slicing some chillies	A cook is slicing some bell peppers
3916	None	The boy is playing in the mud	Mud is being thrown at boy playing
3917	None	Some milk is being greedily drunk by a cat	The cat is licking milk from a saucer
3918	None	There&#39;s no man running on the road	A dog is running on the road
3919	None	An outdoor ice skating park is full of people	Many people are skating in an ice park.
3920	None	A man is breaking planks made of wood with his hands.	A man is breaking tiles with his hands.
3921	None	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s glove	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand
3922	None	No one is driving a bicycle with a wheel	A person is riding a bicycle on one wheel
3923	None	A dog is near the red ball in the air	A little dog is playing tirelessly on the green grass.
3924	None	No one is performing a card trick	A man is frying a tortilla
3925	None	A woman is slicing a potato	The man is not slicing vegetables
3926	None	Someone is scratching an animal&#39;s belly	There&#39;s no woman caressing a lemur
3927	None	A man is picking a tree	A man is carrying a plant.
3928	None	A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench.	No one is sitting comfortably on the bench
3929	None	The boy is playing the piano	Oil is being poured into a frying pan by the woman
3930	None	A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the tall man in pants	Two dogs are fighting and hugging
3931	None	A boy is standing in the water	The boy is sitting near the blue ocean
3932	None	A person is cutting an onion	A person near an onion has a cut
3933	None	A woman is holding a potato.	A woman is peeling a potato
3934	None	There&#39;s no man standing on a roof playing a violin	A man is dancing on a roof.
3935	None	The woman with a black hat is wearing sunglasses	The woman is wearing glasses and a black cap
3936	None	A dog is playing with a toy	There&#39;s no dog playing with a toy
3937	None	A boy is sitting in a room and is playing the piano next to a lamp	There&#39;s no boy playing a keyboard
3938	None	The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes	Few men like to dump tomato oil
3939	None	A man is opening a tiny package containing headphones	A man is singing and playing the guitar
3940	None	The man in the gray t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall	A rocker is sitting in a T-shirt that has a man standing over a gray waterfall in front of him.
3941	None	A man is falling from a horse on a track and is thrown in the wild.	There&#39;s no horse throwing the cowboy in red and blue pants
3942	None	A deer is jumping over the enclosure	A deer is jumping over a fence
3943	None	The men are running a race	There are no riders running down the track
3944	None	There is no person wearing cyclist equipment standing firmly in front of the mountains	A person with cycling gear is standing facing some mountains
3945	None	There&#39;s no white cat perched in a tiny wooden closet looking out the window	The cat perched on the table is looking out the window
3946	None	A man is screaming	A man is laughing
3947	None	A lion is slowly moving	A lion is tiredly walking anxiously in a cage.
3948	None	The man is not cutting the box ribbon	The man is cutting the tape in the box
3949	None	A man dressed in black is riding a bicycle	A man is doing tricks on a green bike
3950	None	A man is riding a bicycle	There&#39;s no monkey riding a bike
3951	None	A band is playing on stage.	A band is not playing on a stage
3952	None	A chimpanzee is missing the target	A monkey is angrily kicking a target
3953	None	A plane flies fast through the air	South African plane is flying in the blue sky
3954	None	The lady is not breaking eggs in the bowl	The woman is cracking eggs in a bowl
3955	None	A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing	A man stands on a rock above some trees and is standing in a strange position.
3956	None	There&#39;s no woman slicing a carrot	A woman is slicing a potato
3957	None	A woman is dancing in a cage.	The woman is not dancing
3958	None	A woman is mixing eggs	There&#39;s no woman beating eggs
3959	None	An afraid little boy is on a climbing wall.	A climbing boy saves the fearful cat over the fence
3960	None	A boy on a snow-covered hill is wearing a red blouse and a black hat and sliding on his knees.	A child is slipping in the snow
3961	None	Woman and man are not traveling by car	The woman and the man are traveling by car
3962	None	A plane is taking off	A plane is landing
3963	None	The lady is adding cheese to the sauce	A man is pouring a plate of grated cheese into a sauce pan
3964	None	A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge	A boy is walking across a bridge
3965	None	No one is floating in a dinghy	People are rowing and rowing
3966	None	A lion is walking slowly	A lion is tiring the whole corral walking anxiously
3967	None	A person is writing	The person is writing with a pencil
3968	None	A man is playing the owner of a guitar	A man is playing the guitar
3969	None	A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field	A prey is running quickly after the cheetah
3970	None	The woman wearing silver pants with the pink bell-mouth and a pink scarf is riding a bicycle	The woman in silver pants with the pink bell-mouth and a pink scarf is not riding a bicycle
3971	None	A man is jumping on a low wall	A man is athletically jumping a wall
3972	None	A woman is cooking eggs	There&#39;s no woman cooking eggs
3973	None	A man is performing a dance	A man is praying
3974	None	A man is playing a piano	There is no man playing a piano
3975	None	An afraid little boy is on a climbing wall.	A boy is climbing down an artificially built wall for climbing and is not attached to the rope.
3976	None	A woman is chopping broccoli	The woman is slicing garlic
3977	None	No one is sitting comfortably on the bench	Two big people are sitting on a park bench and they have a soda bottle between them
3978	None	A man is sitting on the chair	There&#39;s no man sitting in the chair
3979	None	A piano is being played by one person	A piano is being played by a man
3980	None	A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall.	A man is pointing at a car.
3981	None	The person is not writing with a pencil	The person is writing with a pencil
3982	None	One dog is jumping high in the air and another is watching	There are no dogs jumping in the air
3983	None	Some animals are playing wildly in the water	Two people are playing ping pong
3984	None	The parrot is talking	The parrot is speaking into the microphone
3985	None	A black person is running next to a white stand and a dog is barking after him	The black and white dog is running and a person is after him
3986	None	A white cat perched on a tiny wooden closet is looking out the window.	There&#39;s no white cat perched in a tiny wooden closet looking out the window
3987	None	There&#39;s no dog eating a doll	A dog is eating a doll
3988	None	There&#39;s no woman dancing	The three men are dancing
3989	None	A dog is licking a small child	A dog is licking a baby
3990	None	A soccer ball is not rolling into a goal net	A soccer player is kicking the ball into the goal
3991	None	A jet is not flying	A puppy is barking
3992	None	A man is singing to a girl	A man is talking on the phone.
3993	None	A woman is cutting prawns	A woman is not cutting prawns
3994	None	A woman is slicing meat with a knife	The dough is being stretched by a man
3995	None	A toy train is hitting a toy car	A toy train is violently hitting a toy car
3996	None	The man is practicing kickboxing with a coach	A karate practitioner is kicking another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.
3997	None	Young boy is climbing the stone wall	A small child is climbing a climbing wall within a covered area.
3998	None	A boy is playing a piano	Someone is singing about a man who plays the guitar
3999	None	A potato peel is falling on a woman	A woman is peeling a potato
4000	None	The panda is eating bamboo	There&#39;s no panda bear eating some bamboo
4001	None	There&#39;s no man playing the flute	A man is playing field soccer
4002	None	A person near an onion has a cut	A person is cutting an onion
4003	None	Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths	One dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
4004	None	A woman is dancing and singing in the rain.	A woman is dancing and singing alone
4005	None	The woman and the man are traveling by car	A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is sitting next to her
4006	None	Different teams are playing soccer on the field	Two teams are playing field soccer
4007	None	A climber on the wall is tied with an artificially constructed rope to the boy climbing	A boy is climbing up a climbing wall and is attached to a rope
4008	None	A man in a team shirt is burying a ball in a basketball game	There&#39;s no man throwing the ball in a basketball game
4009	None	The person is painting	A man is drawing a picture
4010	None	Some women are not talking	Some women are talking
4011	None	Two men are holding fishing rods	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing rods
4012	None	The turtle is following the fish	A sea turtle is not hunting fish
4013	None	A monkey is not walking by the water	A monkey is wading through the swamp
4014	None	A person is anointing a baking sheet	There is no person buttery tray
4015	None	An Asian girl in front of a brick window looks surprised	A girl has a shirt and is keeping her mouth open
4016	None	A man is slicing an onion	There&#39;s no man slicing onion
4017	None	There are no black, red and pink dresses being worn by a woman	A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman.
4018	None	A woman is taking two eggs from a pan with water	A woman is putting two eggs into a pan of water
4019	None	A woman is slicing a potato	Vegetables are being sliced by a man.
4020	None	A woman is cooking a pork chop that is breaded	The woman is frying a breaded pork chop
4021	None	Some people are singing	Some people are silent
4022	None	The young boy is running by the waves of the ocean	A child is facing the ocean waves
4023	None	A woman is shaking on a blanket while lying on someone reading a book.	A sitting woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
4024	None	A boy is wading by the blue ocean	The child is swimming by the blue ocean
4025	None	No one is brushing the cat	A person is combing a cat&#39;s fur
4026	None	The person is not practicing the guitar	The person is practicing playing the guitar
4027	None	Woman is not adding sugar to meat	The woman is adding sugar to the meat
4028	None	A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench.	Two big people are sitting on a park bench and they have a soda bottle between them
4029	None	An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy	An adult is in the amphitheater and is seriously talking with a boy.
4030	None	A man is resting	A baby is laughing
4031	None	A man is drawing	The man is not drawing
4032	None	A woman is adding spices to some meat	Woman is not adding sugar to meat
4033	None	Two people in snow clothes are lying in the snow and are making snow angels	There are no children lying in the snow and making snow angels
4034	None	A man is stopping the bike	A man is riding a bicycle
4035	None	The person is drawing	There&#39;s no man drawing a picture
4036	None	Two women are fighting in a kickboxing match	Two spectators are fighting kickboxing and some people are watching
4037	None	There are no children playing and waiting	The children of the family are playing and waiting
4038	None	A man and a boy are standing under an outdoor stairs	An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy
4039	None	A woman is playing an electric guitar	A guitar is being played by a man
4040	None	There is no band playing	A band is performing on stage
4041	None	Two brown dogs are fighting for a red toy and are playing in the grass	Two sausages are playing with a red ball
4042	None	Two boys are playing a video game	Two boys on a couch are reading a book
4043	None	The squirrel is not running in circles	A squirrel is running in circles.
4044	None	There&#39;s no little girl playing a grand piano on stage	A small girl is playing a grand piano on stage
4045	None	The man is not practicing kickboxing with a coach	A karate practitioner is kicking another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.
4046	None	There&#39;s no woman chopping an onion	A woman is cutting an onion
4047	None	A man of nature is on a path	The man is walking a path through nature
4048	None	A small boy is watching a family that is hitting a baseball	A child is hitting a baseball
4049	None	The fish is following the turtle	The turtle is following the fish
4050	None	A man is thanking on a stage in front of a crowd	A man is speaking at a podium
4051	None	A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field	A cheetah is being shaken by its prey across a field
4052	None	The woman is riding elephant	A man is recklessly riding a horse
4053	None	A pink shirt with white writing is being worn by a girl lying on the grass	The young girl with pink shirt is quietly lying on the grass
4054	None	A man is getting out of the car	A man is getting in a car
4055	None	A man and a woman are standing together and holding hands.	A couple is running towards the ocean
4056	None	The badger is digging a hole	There&#39;s no badger digging the earth shrewdly
4057	None	The dog is playing with a plastic container	The puppy is playing with a container made of plastic.
4058	None	The man is anxiously walking around a room	A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
4059	None	Someone is beating an egg	The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl
4060	None	A man is screaming	A man is crying
4061	None	There&#39;s no woman being kissed by a man	Two people are kissing near a crowd
4062	None	Many people are in an ice skating park	Not many people at the ice skating park
4063	None	Four people are floating in a dinghy	People are not rowing and rowing
4064	None	A man is doing physical activity.	A man is exercising
4065	None	A climber on the wall is tied with an artificially constructed rope to the boy climbing	An afraid little boy is on a climbing wall.
4066	None	A person is combing a cat&#39;s fur	A person is stroking a cat&#39;s fur
4067	None	A cartoon plane is landing	A plane is taking off
4068	None	A man is mowing a lawn	A man is not mowing a lawn
4069	None	One woman is taking off a very large cloak and revealing extravagant clothes	A woman is taking off a very large cloak and revealing a fancy dress
4070	None	A woman is playing the flute	There&#39;s no woman playing a flute
4071	None	A girl is waking up	A girl is falling asleep
4072	None	The quiet young girl is lying on the grass in the pink shirt	A girl is wearing a pink shirt that has white writing and is lying on the grass
4073	None	A frying pan is being poured over the meat	A woman is putting meat in a frying pan
4074	None	A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is sitting next to her	A woman is driving a car and is talking animatedly to the man who is sitting next to her
4075	None	A man is hanging up the phone	A man is making a phone call
4076	None	Two men with a dog are boring a crowd of people	The boys are dancing in front of some people
4077	None	There&#39;s no cat playing with a watermelon	A cat is playing with a watermelon
4078	None	An Asian girl in front of a brick window looks surprised	An Asian girl standing in front of a brick window doesn&#39;t look surprised
4079	None	There are no children hanging from a large branch	Two kids are hanging on a large branch
4080	None	A teenage boy is talking to a girl with a webcam	A man is talking to a girl using an internet camera.
4081	None	The man is driving a car	The man is not driving a car
4082	None	A man is running in a field	A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass.
4083	None	The guitar player loves the man passionately	A man is passionately playing a guitar.
4084	None	A group of children in uniform are standing at the gate and there is no one kissing their mother.	A group of children in uniforms are standing at a gate and one is kissing their mother
4085	None	A tattooed man is on a couch and is holding a pencil	A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes.
4086	None	A man is dancing	A man is walking outside
4087	None	The picture of a man is being taken near a lake	The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach
4088	None	A man is folding a tortilla	A man is slowly bending a tortilla
4089	None	A man is dancing	There&#39;s no man thinking
4090	None	A crowd of people are far from the water	A group of children in uniforms are standing at a gate and one is kissing their mother
4091	None	A man is planting a tree.	A man is carrying a tree.
4092	None	A man is climbing a cliff with a rope.	A man is going down a cliff using a rope.
4093	None	A boy is hitting a man with a sword	A boy is hitting a man with a toy gun
4094	None	A man is holding a trumpet.	The man is playing a guitar
4095	None	There&#39;s no climbing panda	A man is climbing a rope
4096	None	The small child is playing soccer and falling on the grass	The soccer ball is not between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
4097	None	A person is riding a motorbike at a motocross-related event.	The person is riding a motorcycle on a sandy track
4098	None	People are playing cricket	Some men are watching cricket
4099	None	The children of the family are playing and waiting	The children in one family are playing patiently and waiting
4100	None	A man is climbing a horse on a track in the wild.	A man is falling from a horse on a track and is thrown in the wild.
4101	None	Two people are in the snow wearing camouflage clothing	Two people are in the snow holding two dogs with golden fur
4102	None	Two men are competing in a tire competition	Two people in a race are turning the tires of a tractor
4103	None	There&#39;s nobody on the coast	People are on a sandy beach near the ocean and are enjoying sunny day.
4104	None	A woman is casting a shadow	A woman is taking shadow
4105	None	A man is playing the loud guitar	The flute is being played by a man
4106	None	A man is walking in the rain	A woman and a man are walking
4107	None	There&#39;s no dog chasing another or holding a stick in its mouth	Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths
4108	None	A woman is pulling volleyballs over a net	One woman is denying volleyball balls to another woman
4109	None	A man is playing a guitar	A guitar is being played by a woman
4110	None	Runners are competing around the track	Runners are running in a competition.
4111	None	A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl	A man is mixing some ingredients in a bowl.
4112	None	The woman is playing a guitar that is electric	A man is playing an acoustic guitar.
4113	None	A boy is holding a water pistol	A laughing child is holding a water gun and being splashed with water
4114	None	A man is eating some food	A pizza is being eaten by a man
4115	None	The men are performing on stage.	Mimes are performing on a stage
4116	None	A machine is sharpening a pencil	The machine is sharpening the end of a pencil
4117	None	Runners are running down a track	Runners are competing on a track.
4118	None	A man is singing and playing the guitar	There&#39;s no man singing and playing guitar
4119	None	A cat is playing with a watermelon	There&#39;s no cat playing with a watermelon
4120	None	A girl is waking up	A child is waking up slowly.
4121	None	A dog that is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.	A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine tree, is biting a bucket.
4122	None	A man is exercising	A man is resting
4123	None	Some women are dancing.	Some women are dancing happily
4124	None	There&#39;s no woman dancing	Some women are dancing.
4125	None	A girl is looking surprised from a front window of a house in Asia	A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open
4126	None	Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera.	Three teen girls are dancing in the room
4127	None	Two boys on a couch are reading a book	Two boys are playing a video game
4128	None	A person is dancing	A man is thinking
4129	None	A man is standing still	A man is talking
4130	None	An old woman is standing near a white dog	A woman and a dog are standing near a tree stump
4131	None	There&#39;s no monkey kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand
4132	None	There&#39;s no clown singing and people aren&#39;t dancing	A clown is singing and people are dancing
4133	None	A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar	The man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar
4134	None	The woman is not catching and holding a kangaroo baby	A woman is catching and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms.
4135	None	A man is recklessly riding a horse	The woman is riding elephant
4136	None	The boy is playing a musical instrument	The boy is playing the piano
4137	None	A boy is hitting a man with a plastic sword	A man is beating a boy with a plastic sword
4138	None	A woman is dancing alone	Two men are playing table tennis
4139	None	Someone is playing the guitar	A man is holding a guitar.
4140	None	The dog is not playing with a plastic container	The dog is playing with a plastic container
4141	None	A man is playing the guitar	The man is singing with emotion and playing the guitar
4142	None	A boy is hitting a man with a sword	There&#39;s no man being hit
4143	None	An animal is running in circles.	A squirrel is running in circles.
4144	None	Two boys are talking on the phone	Two boys are not talking on the phone
4145	None	People are playing cricket	Some men are playing cricket
4146	None	A father is taking his daughter out of a pool	The man is playing a child inside a pool that is near the ocean
4147	None	A man is singing	A man is dancing
4148	None	A man is singing	A man is silent
4149	None	The man is not riding a horse	A man is riding a horse
4150	None	A person is slicing a loaf of bread	No one is slicing a loaf of bread
4151	None	A man is riding a motorcycle around the city	A man is riding dangerously on a motorcycle through a city
4152	None	A brown horse is far from a red barrel at a rodeo.	A cowgirl is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel
4153	None	Two people are in the snow holding two dogs with golden fur	Two people are walking two dogs with golden fur in the snow
4154	None	Runners are competing in a race.	Runners are not running around a track
4155	None	The woman is cutting a carrot	A woman is dicing a carrot
4156	None	A classroom is full of students	The presentation is not being attended by a student classroom.
4157	None	A crowd of people are near the water.	A group of children in uniforms are standing at a gate and one is kissing their mother
4158	None	A dog is pushing a small child into a rain puddle	The dog is pushing a boy into the water
4159	None	Two big people are sitting on a park bench and they have a soda bottle between them	A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench.
4160	None	A cat is playing a piano	There are no cats playing keyboards
4161	None	The person is riding a motorcycle on a sandy track	A motocross rider is giving a motorcycle to a person at an event.
4162	None	A man is playing an electric guitar.	A man is playing the keyboard
4163	None	A woman is slicing meat with a knife	There&#39;s no woman slicing meat with a knife
4164	None	Rhino is being fed in the grass	A rhino is grazing in a field
4165	None	A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike	A cyclist wearing black is breaking the gears
4166	None	An animal is running in circles.	An animal is running tiredly in circles.
4167	None	A man is riding a horse on a sandy ground.	A man is riding a horse in the desert
4168	None	A man is preparing a plate	The woman is slicing an onion with a knife
4169	None	There&#39;s no man chopping a log with an ax	The man is chopping a tree trunk with an ax
4170	None	A parrot is talking	The parrot is surprisingly speaking into the microphone.
4171	None	Two people are fighting their fists in a ring	Two men are fighting their fists in a ring
4172	None	The man is eating cereal	There&#39;s no man eating cereal
4173	None	The man is slicing a tomato	A woman is slicing a carrot
4174	None	A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.	A dog, which is brown, and a black are running on the grass.
4175	None	The small child is playing soccer and falling on the grass	A soccer player is falling on the grass to dodge a small child
4176	None	A girl is combing the tail hair of a little pony	A man is sitting on the chair
4177	None	The man and the woman are walking	The man and the woman are walking through the woods
4178	None	A soccer player is falling on the grass to dodge a small child	The soccer ball is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
4179	None	A man is being tied before climbing	A man is climbing upwards on a rope.
4180	None	There&#39;s no man playing a keyboard	A man is playing the keyboard
4181	None	A man is fixing a shorthand machine	A man is typing on a machine used for shorthand
4182	None	There&#39;s no man slicing some bread	A person is slicing a loaf of bread
4183	None	The milk is being drunk by a cat	A little cat is drinking fresh milk
4184	None	The dog is pushing a boy into the water	A dog is pushing a small child into a rain puddle
4185	None	The person is not riding a motorcycle on a sandy track	The person is riding a motorcycle on a sandy track
4186	None	A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a muddy puddle	A small boy in gym clothes is in a puddle on the street
4187	None	A man is slicing some garlic and saving the bread	A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
4188	None	A dog is moving away from a baby	A dog is licking a baby
4189	None	A rhino baby and his mother are standing in a cage	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
4190	None	Some dangerous men with knives are throwing a bicycle against a tree.	The man is doing a magic trick
4191	None	The animal with big eyes is eating	The animal with big eyes is sleeping
4192	None	There is no person riding a motorcycle at the motocross-related event.	A person is riding a motorbike at a motocross-related event.
4193	None	A man is failing to do a bike trick in midair	The cyclist is performing a trick in the air.
4194	None	The person is slicing onions	The person is not slicing onions
4195	None	A person in a black blouse is doing tricks on a motorcycle	A man in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorcycle
4196	None	A man doing a pose is being watched by another man	There is no man doing a pose being watched by another man
4197	None	Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them	Four young men are running away and a car is standing behind them
4198	None	A small boy is coming out of a puddle in the street	A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a muddy puddle
4199	None	A teenager is playing the guitar	A child is playing a guitar
4200	None	A woman is chopping an onion	A woman is chopping a red onion
4201	None	A man is making a phone call	A man is hanging up the phone
4202	None	There is no person cutting some mushrooms	A person is cutting some mushrooms
4203	None	Two teams are competing in a baseball game	Two teams are competing in a soccer match
4204	None	Kittens in trays are being eaten as food for an advertisement.	Some kittens are eating.
4205	None	A woman is putting aside a lemon	A woman is squeezing juice from a lemon.
4206	None	A piano is being played by a man	The boy is not playing the piano happily
4207	None	A man is dancing	A man is still
4208	None	A woman is cutting prawns	A man is chopping butter in a container
4209	None	There&#39;s no man dancing upside down on the ceiling	A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
4210	None	A man is passionately playing the guitar	A person is singing and playing the guitar
4211	None	A woman is thinking of a man	A man is thinking
4212	None	An asian woman in the crowd is carrying a black bag	A girl with a black bag is in a crowded train
4213	None	A man and a woman are walking through the wooded area.	A man and a woman are walking around the city together.
4214	None	A man is playing a guitar	A woman is playing a guitar
4215	None	A man is playing a trumpet	A man is playing a brilliantly trumpet
4216	None	Two men are playing table tennis	A woman is dancing alone
4217	None	Someone is pouring tomato oil on the man	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes
4218	None	A dog is licking a baby	A baby is licking a dog
4219	None	Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves	Three kids are jumping on the leaves
4220	None	Four girls are making bridges and playing in a covered area	Four girls are bridging and playing outdoors
4221	None	Someone is typing	Someone is typing on a keyboard
4222	None	Two people are kissing near a crowd	A crowd near people is kissing two by two
4223	None	A woman is cutting vegetables	A woman is cutting broccoli
4224	None	A herd of reindeer is crossing a road.	A herd of deer is crossing the street.
4225	None	A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar	There&#39;s no man sitting on the floor playing the guitar
4226	None	A woman is cutting a white onion	A horse is standing
4227	None	A man is unfolding a tortilla	A man is folding a tortilla
4228	None	A woman is caressing a lemur	Someone is scratching an animal&#39;s belly
4229	None	A man is playing a guitar	Someone is putting the guitar over there
4230	None	The horse is being ridden by a man	A man is riding a motorcycle
4231	None	The doctor is helping the patient	Doctors aren&#39;t reviving a man
4232	None	The woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing	The woman is not playing an acoustic guitar or singing
4233	None	A rhino is grazing in a field	Rhino is being fed in the grass
4234	None	A man is taking oil from a sautese	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan
4235	None	There&#39;s no man cutting a paper plate	The man is cutting a paper plate
4236	None	A climbing boy saves the fearful cat over the fence	An afraid little boy is on a climbing wall.
4237	None	A man is singing and playing a guitar	A boy is playing a piano
4238	None	A dog is pulling a small child out of a rain puddle	The dog is pushing a boy into the water
4239	None	A boy is waving from the ocean to some young runners	A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
4240	None	The man is holding bread	The woman is slicing herbs
4241	None	A man is untying a rope	A panda is climbing
4242	None	A puppy is barking	A jet is not flying
4243	None	Two teams are playing field soccer	Two teams are enthusiastically playing field soccer
4244	None	Two girls are sitting on the floor	Many children are standing
4245	None	A flute is being played by a girl	A woman is playing the flute
4246	None	A man is playing the guitar	A woman is putting on makeup
4247	None	A man is playing two keyboards.	A cat is playing a piano
4248	None	A man is holding a guitar.	Someone is playing the guitar
4249	None	A man is singing and playing the guitar	A man is opening a package that does not contain headphones.
4250	None	A man is playing a flute	An electronic keyboard is being played by a man
4251	None	Four girls are making bridges and playing in a covered area	Four kids are bridging the park
4252	None	A man is resting	A man is exercising
4253	None	The man is slicing potatoes	The man is not slicing potatoes
4254	None	Two kids are climbing a tree	Two kids are hanging on a large branch
4255	None	A man is talking	A man is talking on the radio.
4256	None	An Asian woman among many people is carrying a black bag	A girl with a black bag is in a crowded train
4257	None	The woman is wearing glasses and a black cap	A woman is wearing an Indian burrow
4258	None	A man is slicing the carrot with a machine	There&#39;s no rope being climbed by a man.
4259	None	Three men are jumping off a wall	There&#39;s no man running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine.
4260	None	A man is filling a container made of plastic.	A man is emptying a container made of plastic
4261	None	Children in red shirts are sleeping in the sheets	Three kids are jumping on the leaves
4262	None	A man is taking pictures of a lake	The man is putting aside the camera and walking away from the beach.
4263	None	The woman is not casting a shadow	The woman is casting shadow
4264	None	The man is playing a flute	A man is playing a bamboo flute
4265	None	The kitten is not eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl.	A little child is drinking water from the cup.
4266	None	Someone is feeding an animal	Someone is playing the piano
4267	None	A woman is cutting an onion	A woman is cutting meat
4268	None	A white-haired cat, perched in a small wooden closet, is looking out the window.	The cat perched on the table is looking out the window
4269	None	A woman is releasing a kangaroo baby from her arms.	A woman is catching and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms.
4270	None	A red helmet biker is riding a blue motorcycle down the road	There are no riders riding a motorcycle along a road
4271	None	A cook is slicing some bell peppers	A cook is quickly slicing some peppers
4272	None	The woman is not frying a breaded pork chop	The woman is frying a breaded pork chop
4273	None	People are walking	A group of boy scouts are walking through the grass
4274	None	A boy is hitting a man with a toy gun	A boy is hitting a man with a sword
4275	None	A boy is filling a jug with water	A woman is emptying the water from a mug
4276	None	Runners are not running around a track	Runners are competing around the track
4277	None	The woman is dancing	A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage.
4278	None	A boy is standing out of the water	A boy is standing in the water
4279	None	Tofu is being sliced by a woman	Some slices of tofu are being eaten by a woman.
4280	None	A man is talking on the phone.	A man is singing to a girl
4281	None	Two men are walking on a snowy road.	Two men are taking a break from the trip on a snowy road.
4282	None	The cat perched on the table is looking out the window	A white-haired cat, perched in a small wooden closet, is looking out the window.
4283	None	A dog in a bucket is biting a tree that is probably a pine tree.	A dog that is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
4284	None	A small girl is looking at a fantasy woman	A little fantasy girl looks like a woman
4285	None	A puppy is barking	No dogs barking
4286	None	Two kids and an adult are not standing near a tree branch	Two kids are hanging on a large branch
4287	None	A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish	There&#39;s no boy holding a fishing rod and running in front of a fish
4288	None	Runners are competing around the track	Runners are racing fiercely around the track
4289	None	A couple is running towards the water	A couple is running towards the ocean
4290	None	The woman with a black hat is wearing sunglasses	A woman is wearing an Egyptian cap
4291	None	The cat is licking milk from a saucer	The cat is licking a shallow plate full of milk
4292	None	A man with climbing gear is hanging on a vertical white rock	A woman with a ponytail is going down a stone wall
4293	None	A man is leading the race	A man is leading the final part of the race.
4294	None	The person is dicing a pepper that is orange	A cook is quickly slicing some peppers
4295	None	An angry man is aiming at a chimpanzee kicking	The woman is pouring oil in a sautese
4296	None	A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling	A teen girl is holding beads that are red.
4297	None	A man is taking a plate of grated cheese from a sauce pan	A man is pouring a plate of grated cheese into a sauce pan
4298	None	A toy train is hitting a toy car	A car and a train are hitting a toy
4299	None	The guitar is being played by a lady	The guitar is being sold by a lady
4300	None	Swimmers are competing in a lake	Several swimmers are jumping out of the water
4301	None	A karate practitioner is kicking another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.	The man is not practicing kickboxing with a coach
4302	None	A band is singing	A woman is carefully removing her makeup.
4303	None	The panda bear is lying on the trunks	A cute panda is lying down
4304	None	The man is slicing vegetables	The man is not slicing vegetables
4305	None	A woman and a man are walking	A man is walking in the rain
4306	None	A piano is being played by a man	A boy is happily playing a piano
4307	None	A woman is riding on a watercraft	The person is jet skiing in the waves
4308	None	A man is talking on the phone.	There&#39;s no man singing to a woman
4309	None	Some kids are jumping on a trampoline.	Some kids are jumping off a trampoline
4310	None	Someone is typing on a keyboard	Someone is writing
4311	None	An old woman is standing near a white dog	A woman and a dog are sitting quietly on a tree stump.
4312	None	The horse is being ridden by the girl	The girl is spraying the plants with water
4313	None	Two spectators are fighting kickboxing and some people are watching	Two people are fighting kickboxing and spectators are watching
4314	None	A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and is reading a book.	A sitting woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
4315	None	A person is cutting an onion	There is no person cutting an onion
4316	None	The presentation is not being attended by a student classroom.	The presentation is being attended by a class of students.
4317	None	A man is speaking at a podium	A man is thanking on a stage in front of a crowd
4318	None	The boys are dancing in front of some people	Some boys are in front of people dancing
4319	None	A man is not talking on the phone	A man is singing to a woman
4320	None	A man dressed in black is riding a bicycle	There&#39;s no man dressed in black and riding a green bike
4321	None	Someone is feeding an animal	The piano is being played by someone
4322	None	A person is stroking a cat&#39;s fur	A person is combing a cat&#39;s fur
4323	None	Someone is falling off a horse	Someone is on a horse
4324	None	The man is stirring the oil	The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken
4325	None	A man is typing on a machine used for shorthand	The man is not operating a stenographer
4326	None	Someone is boiling okra in a pan	Someone is being boiled with okra in a pan
4327	None	A man is talking	The man is dancing
4328	None	A man is opening a package containing headphones	There&#39;s no woman riding a horse
4329	None	The boy is playing in the mud	The cat is playing with a device
4330	None	This group of people are practicing water rescue and wearing life jackets.	A group is not catching the current in a boat
4331	None	A monkey is angrily kicking a target	A chimpanzee is aggressively kicking the target
4332	None	There&#39;s no man eating a banana	The man is eating a banana near a tree.
4333	None	A cat is swinging on a fan	A cat is trapped in a moving ceiling fan
4334	None	A cat is sitting on a piano	A cat is playing keyboards
4335	None	Someone is typing	Someone is typing on the keyboard
4336	None	A girl is playing the guitar	The man is not playing the guitar intensely
4337	None	A man is exercising	A baby is laughing
4338	None	The man is cutting the tape in the box	The man is not cutting the box ribbon
4339	None	You are measuring another woman&#39;s ankle	A young lady is measuring another woman&#39;s ankle
4340	None	A wooden ball is being thrown through the door in front of a large group of boys.	Children are playing in front of a large door.
4341	None	A man is spitting	There&#39;s no spitting man
4342	None	Few people are eating at red tables in a dimly lit restaurant	Several people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
4343	None	A little monkey is walking by the water	A little monkey is walking in the river
4344	None	The boy is spraying the plants with water	The girl is riding a horse
4345	None	A man is slicing a bread	There&#39;s no man slicing a bread
4346	None	The woman is not cracking two eggs in a glass bowl	A woman is breaking an egg in a bowl
4347	None	Tofu is being sliced by a woman	A magician is cutting a girl into two pieces like butter
4348	None	A piano is being played by a man	The pianist is being a tough man
4349	None	Someone is peeling a banana	There&#39;s nobody peeling a banana
4350	None	The woman is eating	There&#39;s no woman beating eggs
4351	None	A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree.	The man is doing a magic trick
4352	None	No one is practicing water rescue and wearing life jackets	This group of people are practicing water rescue and wearing life jackets.
4353	None	A man in a cap is playing the harp	A man is playing a guitar
4354	None	A large group of Asian people are eating in a restaurant.	A group of people in a large Asian restaurant are eating.
4355	None	A deer is jumping over the wall	A deer is jumping over an iron fence
4356	None	The man is giving an interview	There&#39;s no white car being driven by man
4357	None	The woman is not playing an acoustic guitar or singing	A person is playing a guitar and singing
4358	None	Snowboarder is not jumping over from white snow	Snowboarder is jumping over from white snow.
4359	None	A group of children are playing in a backyard and an old man is standing in the background.	There&#39;s no boy playing outdoors and there&#39;s no man smiling
4360	None	A child is playing an instrument	There&#39;s no young boy playing a wind instrument
4361	None	Some women are talking	The men are talking
4362	None	A strong person is leaving the whisk in the bowl near the eggs	A person is strongly stirring eggs in a bowl
4363	None	A guinea pig is eating a carrot	There&#39;s no guinea pig eating a carrot
4364	None	There are no cats playing keyboards	A cat is playing a piano
4365	None	The woman is catching the kangaroo	The woman is catching a kangaroo baby
4366	None	There&#39;s no man in the hat playing the harp	A man in a hat is playing the harp
4367	None	A woman is playing the flute	A woman is getting rid of a flute
4368	None	There&#39;s no woman rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush	A person is rubbing a zucchini
4369	None	A man is standing still	A man is running
4370	None	The badger is digging a hole	The badger is not digging a hole
4371	None	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work from the panel.	The man is erasing the drawing on the board
4372	None	A skinny lady is arranging cut oriental carrots together	A woman is slicing a carrot
4373	None	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch	A man is doing some tricks with a soccer ball
4374	None	The girl is riding a horse	The man is riding a horse
4375	None	A man is playing a guitar	A man in a hat is playing the harp
4376	None	A baby and an adult are being followed by a rhino	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
4377	None	Someone is playing a piano	There&#39;s nobody playing a piano
4378	None	A woman is walking the dog on the street	The woman is not walking the dog
4379	None	A woman is peeling a potato	A woman is absently peeling a potato
4380	None	A woman is not mincing an onion	A woman is chopping an onion
4381	None	There&#39;s no man playing the guitar	A woman is putting on lipstick
4382	None	A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open	There&#39;s no girl wearing a shirt and keeping her mouth open
4383	None	A man is playing the guitar	The man is playing an acoustic guitar
4384	None	A brave artist is riding a motorcycle over a man in blue overalls	A man in blue overalls is bravely riding a motorcycle
4385	None	Some kittens are eating.	Kittens in trays are being eaten as food for an advertisement.
4386	None	The man is operating a shorthand machine	The man is cautiously operating a shorthand machine
4387	None	A man is talking	A man is silent
4388	None	A teen girl is holding beads that are red.	A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
4389	None	A boy is climbing up a climbing wall and is attached to a rope	A small and fearful boy is on the floor
4390	None	A woman is slicing a large pepper.	A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
4391	None	A boy is playing a guitar	There&#39;s no boy playing a guitar
4392	None	A person is raising a steak with water	A man is not rinsing a big steak
4393	None	An electronic keyboard is being played by a man	A man is playing a flute
4394	None	The bride and groom are leaving after the wedding	The bride is leaving the groom after the wedding
4395	None	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work on the blackboard	The man is cleaning the chalkboard drawing
4396	None	Climbing equipment to rescue a man is hanging on a white rock, vertical.	A man with climbing gear is hanging on a vertical white rock
4397	None	A person with pink climbing equipment ran the rope over the rock	A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink.
4398	None	A woman is brushing her feet	A woman is brushing her hand
4399	None	A girl in blue uniform is raising her arm	A girl in a blue uniform is quickly raising her arm
4400	None	A helmetless biker is waiting on a blue motorcycle near the road	A red helmet biker is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
4401	None	There&#39;s no woman slicing a clove of garlic	A woman is slicing a large pepper.
4402	None	A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike	There&#39;s no man wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike
4403	None	Two kids are playing in a pool with a green colored crocodile float	Two crocodiles are swimming in a green pool near children playing.
4404	None	There&#39;s no woman peeling a potato	A woman is peeling a potato
4405	None	A man is spreading butter on a large loaf of bread	The man is not spreading butter on bread
4406	None	Snowboarder is jumping over from white snow.	Snowboarder is not jumping over from white snow
4407	None	A young woman is playing the guitar	The man is intensely playing the guitar
4408	None	Two women are talking	Two men are playing the guitar
4409	None	Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is sitting in the seat	A biker is standing on the seat of a white motorcycle
4410	None	The woman is dancing	A woman is dancing in a cage.
4411	None	One woman is denying volleyball balls to another woman	One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
4412	None	A cat is moving away from some corn	A cat is eating corn on the cob
4413	None	A man is attentively taking pictures of a lake	The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach
4414	None	A man is walking outside	There&#39;s no man walking outside
4415	None	A dog that has brown and white fur is trotting in the shallows	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water
4416	None	A lion is walking slowly	A lion is tiredly walking anxiously in a cage.
4417	None	The lady is breaking raw eggs in the bowl	The woman is holding the eggs
4418	None	A classroom is full of students	A classroom is empty
4419	None	The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper	A woman is slicing a green pepper
4420	None	Three men are practicing karate in a field	Three boys in karate uniforms are fighting
4421	None	A girl is combing her hair	A girl is brushing her hair
4422	None	A podium is where a man is talking	A man is speaking on a stage.
4423	None	Some slices of tofu are being eaten by a woman.	Tofu is being sliced by a woman
4424	None	A man is playing a flute	A guitar is being played by a man
4425	None	A tiger is wandering aimlessly	A tiger is walking outside the cage
4426	None	A woman is not performing a dance	A woman is dancing on a stage.
4427	None	Two bikes are being pedaled by two people	Two people are riding a motorcycle
4428	None	Carrot is being sliced by a woman	A woman is slicing a potato
4429	None	The girl is cheering up the man in the blue and white uniform	A girl in blue uniform is raising her arm
4430	None	A man is losing the soccer ball	A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball
4431	None	A little dog is playing tirelessly on the green grass.	A dog is near the red ball in the air
4432	None	A woman is sitting and looking at a waterfall	The man in the gray t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
4433	None	A man with climbing gear is standing under a vertical white rock.	A woman with a ponytail is climbing a stone wall
4434	None	A woman, who is taking off a pink scarf, is stopping her bike on a pedestrian bridge	The woman wearing silver pants with the pink bell-mouth and a pink scarf is riding a bicycle
4435	None	A man is posing to be watched by another man.	A man in a dyed purple shirt is looking at the man in the black shirt who is making a funny face
4436	None	One woman is denying volleyball balls to another woman	A woman is pulling volleyballs over a net
4437	None	A man is taking pictures of a lake	The picture of a man is being taken near a lake
4438	None	Meat is being poured into a frying pan	A woman is putting meat in a frying pan
4439	None	The animal with big eyes is eating	Don&#39;t have any lemur eating
4440	None	A young climber is making a climbing wall for the boys.	Young boy is climbing the stone wall
4441	None	The man and the boy are standing at the top of the stairs, which are outdoors.	The man and the boy are standing under the stairs, which is outdoors
4442	None	A naked lady is walking in front of several people with body painting.	A young topless woman is covered in paint.
4443	None	There&#39;s no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweater and earrings and smiling	A teen girl is wearing beads that are red
4444	None	A woman is cracking some eggs in a container	A woman is cracking some eggs in a bowl
4445	None	A man is stopping the bike	A monkey is riding a bicycle
4446	None	There&#39;s no man dancing upside down on the ceiling	A man is dancing upside down on the ceiling
4447	None	A musician is playing two keyboards.	A man is playing two keyboards.
4448	None	The girl is rubbing eyeliner on her eyelid	The woman is not casting a shadow
4449	None	A woman with braids is climbing a stone wall	A woman with a ponytail is climbing a stone wall
4450	None	The woman and the man are traveling by car	Woman and man are not traveling by car
4451	None	A drunk man is carefully watering a cat.	A truck is speeding down a hill
4452	None	A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl.	A woman is removing ingredients from a bowl.
4453	None	A woman is wearing oversized sunglasses and is holding newspapers in both hands.	An elderly woman is shirtless and is awkwardly knocking over two newspapers.
4454	None	A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it	A woman is cooking an egg in a sautese
4455	None	A man is climbing a rope	A man is being tied before climbing
4456	None	A man is not rinsing a big steak	A man is washing a big steak
4457	None	A large group of Asian people are eating in a restaurant.	A tiny group of people are waiting to eat in a restaurant.
4458	None	Three people are standing beside a tree branch	Two kids and an adult are standing next to a tree branch
4459	None	A man is taking a can	A woman is taking a can
4460	None	A woman is peeling a potato	The man is not slicing potatoes
4461	None	A man is putting garlic on some bread slices	A man is sprinkling spice on several sliced and buttered breads.
4462	None	A man is breaking a wooden hand against a board.	A man is breaking wooden tables with his hand.
4463	None	Two men are fighting their fists in a ring	No one is fighting their fists in a ring
4464	None	Two dogs of different breeds are looking angry at each other across the street.	A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.
4465	None	Three young girls are dancing in the room	Three teen girls are dancing in the room
4466	None	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.	The boys are not dancing in front of some people
4467	None	A tiger is walking outside the cage	A tiger is wandering aimlessly
4468	None	There&#39;s no man running on the road	A man is running on the road
4469	None	A woman is talking on a telephone	Two scared boys are talking on the phone
4470	None	A person is riding a motorcycle	A person is chopping an onion
4471	None	Two men are walking on a snowy road.	Two men with bikes stand on the side of a snowy road
4472	None	A dog that has brown and white fur is trotting in the shallows	A white man is strolling a dog through the brown water with difficulty
4473	None	A child is holding a water gun	There are no children holding a water gun or being sprayed with water
4474	None	The man is not doing floor exercises	The man is doing floor exercises
4475	None	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes	Someone is pouring tomato oil on the man
4476	None	Some kids are jumping on a trampoline.	Some boys are playing on the trampoline
4477	None	There&#39;s no toy train crashing into a toy car	A toy train is hitting a toy car
4478	None	A dog is biting a can	A dog is approaching a pan of food
4479	None	A girl in blue uniform is raising her arm	The girl is cheering up the man in the blue and white uniform
4480	None	An Egyptian is wearing a woman&#39;s den	The woman is wearing glasses and a black cap
4481	None	A band is performing on stage	A band is not playing on a stage
4482	None	The man is doing a magic trick	Some dangerous men with knives are throwing a bicycle against a tree.
4483	None	The person is slicing a garlic clove into pieces	A bell pepper is being cut into pieces by one person
4484	None	A man in a purple shirt is tinting another shirt black, which has a man staring at a dog making a funny face	A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
4485	None	A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall	The man in the gray t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
4486	None	The person is practicing playing the guitar	The guitar is being played by a lady
4487	None	There&#39;s no woman playing a flute	A woman is playing the flute
4488	None	A small boy is jumping in a puddle on the street.	A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a muddy puddle
4489	None	A woman is drying eggs	A woman is boiling eggs
4490	None	A man is athletically jumping a wall	A man is jumping on a low wall
4491	None	Two men are holding bikes and standing beside a snow covered road	Two men are taking a break from the trip on a snowy road.
4492	None	A person is doing a trick with some cards.	A man is frying a tortilla
4493	None	A man is standing still	A man is dancing on the road.
4494	None	A little girl is playing the piano	A small girl is playing a grand piano on stage
4495	None	A man is going down a rope	A man is climbing upwards on a rope.
4496	None	Two brown dogs are playing a red ball and are playing in the grass	There are no dogs playing with a red ball
4497	None	Two men are holding fishing rods and fishing tackle	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing rods
4498	None	Some women are talking	Some old women are talking
4499	None	A group of people are equipped with safety equipment.	A group of people are equipped with equipment that does not protect
4500	None	The guitar is being played by a man	A boat is moored
4501	None	A man in blue overalls is bravely riding a motorcycle	The man is on the ground, which is practically arid, filming a prancing motorcycle
4502	None	A man and a woman are walking through the woods	A man is following a woman through the woods
4503	None	The person who is practicing does not like the guitar	The person is practicing playing the guitar
4504	None	A white car is being driven by a man	The interviewer is giving the man a break
4505	None	A man is recklessly riding a horse	The elephant is being led over a woman
4506	None	A woman is cooking eggs	The woman is cooking something carefully
4507	None	The man is eating cereal	A man is eating a bowl of cereal.
4508	None	Someone is beating an egg	No one is beating an egg
4509	None	A person is playing the trumpet	A man is playing the guitar
4510	None	A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife	A man is quickly mincing some mushrooms with a knife
4511	None	No dogs of different breeds looking at each other across the street	A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.
4512	None	The man and the boy are standing under the stairs, which is outdoors	A talk about an adult and a boy is being given in an amphitheater
4513	None	There&#39;s no man pouring oil into a frying pan	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan
4514	None	You&#39;re not measuring another woman&#39;s ankle	The woman is measuring the other woman
4515	None	There&#39;s no man shooting with guns	A woman is riding a horse
4516	None	A person is putting meat in a sautese	A person is taking meat from sautese
4517	None	The person is drawing	A man is drawing a picture
4518	None	A man with climbing gear is hanging on a vertical white rock	Climbing equipment to rescue a man is hanging on a white rock, vertical.
4519	None	A man is stopping a horse	A man is riding a horse
4520	None	There&#39;s no man dancing on the road	A man is dancing on the road.
4521	None	The woman is measuring a man	The woman is measuring the other woman
4522	None	Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench	A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench.
4523	None	There&#39;s no woman dipping a shrimp in the batter	A man is driving a car.
4524	None	A man is playing baseball with a flute	A man is playing field soccer
4525	None	A man is talking to a girl using an internet camera.	A teenage boy is talking to a girl with an internet camera
4526	None	There are no white and brown dogs struggling anxiously in the water.	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water
4527	None	A baby is sitting	A baby is crawling happily
4528	None	A man is playing a guitar on stage.	One person has flowing blond hair and is playing guitar
4529	None	A man in blue overalls is bravely riding a motorcycle	The man is riding a motorcycle on a ground that is virtually arid
4530	None	There are no children jumping on a trampoline	Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
4531	None	Two dogs are playing near a plant	One dog is jumping high in the air and another is watching
4532	None	A man is not sitting comfortably at the table.	A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
4533	None	The cat perched on the table is looking out the window	There&#39;s no white cat perched in a tiny wooden closet looking out the window
4534	None	The outfit in front of the dancing blonde girl is playing	The blonde girl is dancing in front of the stereo
4535	None	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes	There&#39;s no man pouring some oil on the tomatoes
4536	None	A man is crying	A man is laughing
4537	None	Two men are talking	Guitar is being played by two men
4538	None	A man and a woman are sitting	A woman and a man are walking
4539	None	A couple is running towards the ocean	A man and a woman are standing together and holding hands.
4540	None	A woman is slicing a large pepper.	There&#39;s no woman slicing a clove of garlic
4541	None	A seated man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint.	A man is sitting near a bicycle and writing a note.
4542	None	A boat is moored	The guitar is being played by a man
4543	None	A woman is putting on makeup	A woman is taking shadow
4544	None	The woman is pouring oil in a sautese	The woman is not pouring oil in a sautese
4545	None	The woman is wearing glasses and a black cap	A black woman is wearing glasses over her bandana
4546	None	Two teams are playing field soccer	There are no teams playing field soccer
4547	None	A band is playing on stage.	There is no band playing
4548	None	A person is wrapping a tortilla	A man is unfolding a tortilla
4549	None	The woman is putting a bowl with a crack near an egg	A woman is breaking an egg in a bowl
4550	None	A family is watching a small boy who is hitting a baseball	A small boy is watching a family that is hitting a baseball
4551	None	Two women are fighting in a kickboxing match	Two people are fighting kickboxing and spectators are watching
4552	None	A girl is cutting the butter in two pieces	Tofu is being sliced by a woman
4553	None	Someone is scratching an animal&#39;s back	A woman is caressing a lemur
4554	None	The woman is cutting a carrot	The woman is not cutting a carrot
4555	None	A man and a woman are running together and holding hands.	A couple is running towards the water
4556	None	The play is about a happy boy playing the piano	A boy is playing the piano excitedly
4557	None	A man is spreading butter on a large loaf of bread	The man is carelessly spreading the butter on a slice of garlic bread
4558	None	The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes
4559	None	A man is chopping a tree with an ax	A man is watering a tree
4560	None	A dog is jumping on a trampoline	A dog is jumping on a diving board
4561	None	A married couple is walking down the aisle	The bride and groom are leaving after the wedding
4562	None	Two men are taking a break from the trip on a snowy road.	Two men are walking on a snowy road.
4563	None	A man is speaking on a stage.	There&#39;s no man talking on stage
4564	None	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing rods	Two men are not holding fishing rods
4565	None	A man is dancing upside down on the ceiling	There&#39;s no man dancing upside down on the ceiling
4566	None	A child is holding a water gun	A laughing child is holding a water gun and being splashed with water
4567	None	Three women are dancing	The man is not dancing
4568	None	Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths	There is no dog running and carrying an object in its mouth
4569	None	A man is turning on the microwave	A man is being pushed toward the buttons of a microwave
4570	None	A small girl is playing a grand piano on stage	There&#39;s no little girl playing a grand piano on stage
4571	None	A lion is tiredly walking anxiously in a cage.	There&#39;s no walking lion
4572	None	Two young children are eating rolls	Two young children are fasting
4573	None	There&#39;s no man recklessly riding a horse	The elephant is being ridden by the woman
4574	None	People are rowing near a dinghy being sailed	Four people are floating in a dinghy
4575	None	A monkey is angrily kicking a target	An angry man is aiming at a chimpanzee kicking
4576	None	The fish is following the turtle	A sea turtle is looking for fish
4577	None	The woman is casting shadow	The woman is not casting a shadow
4578	None	The man is dancing	There&#39;s no woman dancing
4579	None	A woman is wakeboarding at the lake	The woman is doing water skiing
4580	None	A dog is jumping on a diving board	A dog is jumping on a trampoline
4581	None	A soccer player is falling on the grass to dodge a small child	The small child is playing soccer and falling on the grass
4582	None	There&#39;s no boy playing outdoors and there&#39;s no man smiling	A group of children are playing in a backyard and an old man is standing in the background.
4583	None	Some kids are jumping on a trampoline.	No one is playing on a trampoline
4584	None	A cartoon plane is taking off	A cartoon plane is landing
4585	None	A man is driving a vehicle.	A man is riding a horse
4586	None	Ferrets are climbing shelf above	Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage
4587	None	Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool	Two kids are playing in a pool with a green crocodile float
4588	None	The soccer ball is not between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass	The soccer ball is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
4589	None	A rope is being climbed by a man	A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
4590	None	A man is riding a horse	A man is stopping a horse
4591	None	A woman is playing a guitar	A man is playing a guitar
4592	None	The man is not drawing	The man is drawing
4593	None	The man is slicing vegetables	A woman is slicing a potato
4594	None	The person is not slicing onions	The person is slicing onions
4595	None	A man is filling a container made of plastic.	A man is carelessly holding a frog
4596	None	The man is not riding a horse near a stream	The man is riding a horse near a stream
4597	None	A woman is riding on a watercraft	A woman is parking a watercraft
4598	None	This plane is taking off	A plane is landing
4599	None	Someone is playing the piano beautifully	Someone is playing the guitar
4600	None	A man is laughing	A man is talking
4601	None	A girl is playing the piano	A small girl is leaving the stage
4602	None	A person is peeling an onion	Onions are being sliced by one person
4603	None	The woman is catching the kangaroo	The woman is putting the kangaroo back
4604	None	A man is praying	A man is dancing
4605	None	A man is getting into a car in a garage	A man is parking a car in a garage.
4606	None	A woman is taking off a very large cloak and revealing a fancy dress	There are no black, red and pink dresses being worn by a woman
4607	None	The woman is slicing an onion	A man is holding a carrot.
4608	None	The man is playing a guitar	The man is playing the flute
4609	None	Some boys are playing on the trampoline	Some kids are jumping on a trampoline.
4610	None	A small group of women are holding each other and dancing together.	Two men are playing foosball
4611	None	A person is playing the trumpet	A person is stopping playing a trumpet
4612	None	A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby	A baby is crawling happily
4613	None	A puppy is rolling back and forth repeatedly	A cute puppy is repeatedly rolling back and forth with its back on the floor.
4614	None	A woman is cracking some eggs in a bowl	A woman is cracking some eggs out of a bowl
4615	None	A man is sitting near a bicycle and writing a note.	A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting in a busy area writing something.
4616	None	The deer is jumping over the fence	The deer is jumping over the low fence
4617	None	A woman is being kissed by a man	A crowd near people is kissing two by two
4618	None	A person is pouring chopped vegetables into a pan on the stove	An alligator is slapping a man&#39;s mouth
4619	None	An animal is running in circles.	The squirrel is running in circles.
4620	None	The boys are dancing in front of some people	Two men with a dog are boring a crowd of people
4621	None	Some teens are dancing for the camera.	Three teenagers are dying in the bedroom
4622	None	Someone is writing	Someone is typing on a keyboard
4623	None	A woman is slicing a clove of garlic	There&#39;s no woman slicing a clove of garlic
4624	None	There&#39;s no deer jumping over fences	A deer is jumping over a fence
4625	None	The woman is eating	A woman is amalgamating eggs
4626	None	A child is running in and out of the ocean waves	A boy is waving from the ocean to some young runners
4627	None	An animal is running around in circles	A squirrel is running around in circles.
4628	None	A plane is being parked on the ground.	A plane is flying through the air
4629	None	A man is taking a picture of a drawing	The person is drawing
4630	None	Doctors are reviving a man	The patient is helping the doctor
4631	None	Some women are not talking	The men are talking
4632	None	The animal with big eyes is sleeping	A lemur is eating
4633	None	A soccer player is scoring a goal	Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball in the goal
4634	None	The man is on the ground, which is practically arid, filming a prancing motorcycle	A man in blue overalls is bravely riding a motorcycle
4635	None	There&#39;s no man making a phone call	A man is making a phone call
4636	None	A girl is making a flute that should not be played	A woman is playing the flute
4637	None	A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.	A black dog and a light brown dog are fighting in the yard.
4638	None	The player is burying the basketball and a crowd is in the background	There&#39;s no man throwing the ball in a basketball game
4639	None	A newspaper is presenting a woman with big hands holding sunglasses and wearing a coat	A woman is wearing oversized sunglasses and is holding newspapers in both hands.
4640	None	A man is frying food	A man is frying a tortilla
4641	None	The man is dancing	Some women are dancing.
4642	None	There&#39;s no rope being climbed by a man.	A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
4643	None	A kitten is drinking fresh milk.	A drunk man is milking a cat
4644	None	Several kids are jumping on a trampoline	There are no men giving mortals on a trampoline
4645	None	The parrot is speaking into the microphone	The parrot is surprisingly speaking into the microphone.
4646	None	A man is playing a guitar	A man is not playing a guitar
4647	None	A dog is knocking over a can	A dog is opening a can of food
4648	None	A man is playing the drums	A man is practicing drums
4649	None	A teen girl is wearing beads that are red	A red sweater with a smiling lady is suitable for wearing with light brown hair, earrings and a necklace.
4650	None	The man is wrapping a potato	The man is slicing the potato
4651	None	The woman is slicing an onion	A man is cutting a carrot with a knife
4652	None	A girl is cutting butter in two pieces	A magician is cutting a girl into two pieces like butter
4653	None	A man is running	A man is standing still
4654	None	A woman is surfing	A lady is surfing and catching a wave
4655	None	A man is cutting a box.	A man is playing tape in a cut out box
4656	None	A flute is being played by a man	A man is playing an electronic keyboard.
4657	None	Four girls are bridging and playing outdoors	Four kids are bridging the park
4658	None	Two cats are lying together.	The cats are playing with each other
4659	None	A guy is playing excitedly with a sock ball	The man is austerely playing a piano
4660	None	The cat is licking milk from a saucer	A cat is greedily drinking milk
4661	None	An adult is in the amphitheater and is seriously talking with a boy.	The man and the boy are standing under the stairs, which is outdoors
4662	None	A cute panda is lying down	The panda bear is resting on the logs
4663	None	A mother is giving her baby a corral with a walking rhino.	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
4664	None	There&#39;s no woman playing a guitar	A woman is playing a guitar
4665	None	A group of people are equipped with equipment that does not protect	A group of people are equipped with safety equipment.
4666	None	A man is playing a trumpet	The guitar is being played by the man
4667	None	The backyard light is playing tricks in the dark on the brown and black dog	A dog, which is brown, and one that is black, are running in the grass.
4668	None	Woman is pouring oil into the frying pan	The woman is not pouring oil into the frying pan
4669	None	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand	The monkey is being trained in martial arts
4670	None	The windows are being cleaned by a man	The man has a window of time to clean himself
4671	None	A small boy is jumping in a puddle on the street.	A small boy is coming out of a puddle in the street
4672	None	A woman is playing a flute	A woman is holding a flute.
4673	None	Women are sawing logs	Men are sawing logs
4674	None	A small girl is looking at a fantasy woman	Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest
4675	None	There are no rhinos grazing in a field	Rhino is grazing in the grass
4676	None	A man is leading the final part of the race.	A man is leading the race
4677	None	No one in snow clothes is lying in the snow and making snow angels	Two people in snow clothes are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
4678	None	A woman is chopping an onion	A woman is not mincing an onion
4679	None	A man is eating near the puppies	The food in the trays is being eaten by the puppies
4680	None	A group of people are singing	A group of people are silent
4681	None	There&#39;s no woman dancing and singing in the rain	A woman is dancing and singing in the rain.
4682	None	A woman is wearing an Egyptian cap	An Egyptian is wearing a woman&#39;s den
4683	None	A man is watering a tree	A man is chopping a tree with an ax
4684	None	Two men are holding some water standing near the fishing rods	Two men are holding fishing rods
4685	None	Some frantic runners on the green grass are screaming at the horses jumping over an obstacle.	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over an obstacle.
4686	None	A woman is slicing a carrot	A skinny lady is arranging cut oriental carrots together
4687	None	A man is riding a horse	The man is not riding a horse
4688	None	Five kids are standing together and one child has a pistol	Five kids are standing in front of a wooden cabin
4689	None	The elephant is not being ridden by the woman	The elephant is being ridden by the woman
4690	None	A biker is standing on the seat of a white motorcycle	Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is sitting in the seat
4691	None	A baby is laughing	A man is exercising
4692	None	A cyclist is fearlessly doing a trick in the air.	A man is doing a bike trick in midair
4693	None	The men are running a race	Some men are resting
4694	None	Jockeys are running horses in the field, which is completely green	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over the obstacle.
4695	None	A man is unfolding a tortilla	A person is wrapping a tortilla
4696	None	A cat is playing a piano	A cat is playing a piano comically
4697	None	The woman is eating some pieces of raw meat	A lady is cutting meat into pieces
4698	None	There&#39;s no man riding a motorcycle around town	A man is riding a motorcycle around the city
4699	None	A man is doing a bike trick	A man is performing a trick on a green bike
4700	None	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes	A man is not pouring oil on tomatoes
4701	None	A man is catching a fish	A woman is boning a fish
4702	None	A man is kicking a ball	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch
4703	None	The man is eating a banana near a tree.	There&#39;s no man eating a banana
4704	None	A girl is exercising	A man is exercising
4705	None	A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar	The man is anxiously walking around a room
4706	None	A man is pouring oil into a sautese	There&#39;s no man pouring oil into a frying pan
4707	None	Some men are playing cricket	People are not playing cricket
4708	None	A woman is removing ingredients from a bowl.	A woman is cracking some eggs in a bowl
4709	None	A woman is brushing her feet	A woman is not mincing an onion
4710	None	The man is singing and playing the guitar	The man is silent and still
4711	None	A woman is not mincing an onion	A woman is brushing her feet
4712	None	A band is performing on stage	There is no band playing
4713	None	A pencil is being sharpened by the machine	The machine is sharpening the end of a pencil
4714	None	A monkey is not walking by the water	A little monkey is walking by the water
4715	None	A man is putting a cape on a wild horse that is falling on the track.	A horse is flinging the cowboy wearing blue and red pants
4716	None	A child is hitting a baseball	A child is losing a baseball
4717	None	Three asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking	The children of the family are playing and waiting
4718	None	The man is dancing	The man is dancing frantically
4719	None	An Asian girl in front of a brick window looks surprised	A girl is looking surprised from a front window of a house in Asia
4720	None	The woman is casting shadow	The girl is not using an eyeliner on her eyelid
4721	None	The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard	A woman is dancing on a stage.
4722	None	The man is carefully feeding the snake with a mouse	A man is not cautiously feeding the snake with a mouse.
4723	None	Woman is pouring oil into the frying pan	The boy is playing a musical instrument
4724	None	A woman is cracking some eggs out of a bowl	A woman is cracking some eggs in a bowl
4725	None	The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer	The lady is slicing the meat
4726	None	A dog, which is large and gray, is dropping a ball from its mouth and stopping in the grass	A big dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
4727	None	A man is stroking an alligator in the mouth	A person is removing chopped vegetables from a pan on the stove
4728	None	A man is standing still	The man is playing the piano with his nose
4729	None	The man is slicing the potato	The man is wrapping a potato
4730	None	A dog that is furry and black is in the yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.	A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine tree, is biting a bucket.
4731	None	A man in a pose is being playfully assisted by another man	A man in a dyed purple shirt is looking at the man in the black shirt who is making a funny face
4732	None	A person is wrapping a tortilla	A man is folding a tortilla
4733	None	A man is jumping in an empty pool	There are no cyclists jumping in the air
4734	None	One man is pushing a helmet against another on a black bike.	A biker is wearing a gear that is black
4735	None	A little child is filling a cup with water	A little child is drinking water from the cup.
4736	None	A man is walking in the rain.	A man and a woman are sitting
4737	None	The woman is catching a kangaroo baby	The woman is putting the kangaroo back
4738	None	The man is not drawing	A man is drawing
4739	None	A group of people are silent	A group of people are singing
4740	None	A man is playing a flute	The man is playing a guitar
4741	None	An outdoor ice skating rink is empty	Many people are in an ice skating park
4742	None	Men are not fighting their fists in a ring	Two men are fighting their fists in a ring
4743	None	Some young men are paralyzed and a car is exploding behind them	Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
4744	None	Two kids and an adult are standing next to a tree branch	There are no children hanging from a large branch
4745	None	A man is washing a big steak	A man is not rinsing a big steak
4746	None	A squirrel is running in circles.	A squirrel is lying down
4747	None	The kids are not playing in front of a big door	Children are playing in front of a large door.
4748	None	The man on stage is singing into the microphone	The man is performing in a microphone and is singing
4749	None	The man is playing a guitar	A man is holding a trumpet.
4750	None	The piano is not being played by anyone	Someone is feeding an animal
4751	None	A woman is releasing a fish	A man is catching a fish
4752	None	The three men are dancing	Some women are dancing happily
4753	None	A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.	There&#39;s no man dancing upside down on the ceiling
4754	None	A teenage boy is talking to a girl with a webcam	A teenage boy is not talking to a girl with a webcam
4755	None	A dog is opening a can of food	A dog is knocking over a can
4756	None	A little guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the ground.	There&#39;s no guinea pig eating a carrot
4757	None	A dog that is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.	A dog in the yard is carrying black fur in the basket in its mouth.
4758	None	Several people stand in front of a colorful building	People are walking outside a building that has many murals
4759	None	A man is playing a violin	A man is talking about a play.
4760	None	Snowboarder is jumping over from white snow.	A snowboarder falls through the air
4761	None	A man is dancing	A woman is thinking of a man
4762	None	Mimes are performing on a stage	There is no mime acting
4763	None	Someone is playing a piano	Someone is playing the guitar
4764	None	A classroom is empty	A classroom is full of students
4765	None	A teen girl is wearing beads that are red	A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
4766	None	A kitten is drinking fresh milk.	Milk is a kitten drink
4767	None	A boy is playing the piano excitedly	The play is about a happy boy playing the piano
4768	None	The flute is being played by a man	A man is playing the loud guitar
4769	None	A man is doing a bike trick in midair	A man is failing to do a bike trick in midair
4770	None	Two men are fighting in a corral	Two cows are fighting in a pasture near a man
4771	None	Several kids are jumping on a trampoline	A man is giving mortals on a trampoline
4772	None	A cat is trapped in a moving ceiling fan	A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan
4773	None	Woman is not adding sugar to meat	A woman is adding spices to some meat
4774	None	A woman is removing cosmetics from her eyelid.	A woman is using an eyeliner and applying eyeliner on her eyelid.
4775	None	A woman is breaking an egg in a bowl	The woman is not cracking two eggs in a glass bowl
4776	None	The turtle is following the fish	A sea turtle is looking for fish
4777	None	The patient is being helped by the doctor	Doctors are reviving a man
4778	None	There&#39;s no man pouring oil into a frying pan	A man is pouring oil into a sautese
4779	None	Two boys are not talking on the phone	Two boys are talking on the phone
4780	None	A man is riding a horse	There is no man riding a horse
4781	None	A woman is putting makeup on her eyelid	A woman is casting a shadow
4782	None	A man is speaking at a podium	A man is talking about the stage.
4783	None	There&#39;s no dog jumping on a trampoline	A dog is jumping on a trampoline
4784	None	A woman is dancing on a stage.	The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
4785	None	A woman is playing the flute	A flute is being held by a girl
4786	None	There&#39;s no woman adding spices to some meat	The woman is adding sugar to the meat
4787	None	The man in the gray t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall	A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall
4788	None	A kitten is getting bored	A kitten is playing with a toy.
4789	None	A child is playing an instrument	A boy, who is young, is playing a wind instrument
4790	None	Someone is on a horse	Someone is falling off a horse
4791	None	A man is leading the race	Some men in a competition are running in a covered area.
4792	None	A woman is chilling a potato	A woman is slicing a tomato
4793	None	A cyclist is jumping in the air alone	A man is jumping in an empty pool
4794	None	Rhino is grazing in the grass	Rhino is not grazing in the grass
4795	None	The animal with big eyes is eating	A lemur is eating fast.
4796	None	A man is dancing	A man is talking
4797	None	A blonde girl is riding waves	A blonde girl is looking at the waves
4798	None	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino	A baby and an adult are being followed by a rhino
4799	None	An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy	A man and a boy are standing under an outdoor stairs
4800	None	There is no person cutting some mushrooms	A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.
4801	None	The man is not lifting weights	The man is lifting dumbbells
4802	None	Some men are running in competitions abroad.	A man is leading the race
4803	None	A man is walking in the woods	The man is walking happily in the forest
4804	None	Doctors aren&#39;t reviving a man	The doctor is helping the patient
4805	None	The brown horse stands near a red barrel at the rodeo.	A cowboy is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel
4806	None	A plane is taking off	There are no planes taking off
4807	None	This woman is peeling a potato	There&#39;s no woman peeling a potato
4808	None	The man is climbing in the woods	A man is sitting in the woods
4809	None	A person is doing exercises.	The man is doing floor exercises
4810	None	The woman is pouring oil in a sautese	An angry man is aiming at a chimpanzee kicking
4811	None	A man is playing the guitar	A person is playing the trumpet
4812	None	Two kids are hanging on a large branch	There are no children hanging from a large branch
4813	None	A girl is falling asleep	A girl is waking up
4814	None	The dog is not playing with a plastic container	The puppy is playing with a plastic container
4815	None	A classroom is full of students	The presentation is being attended by a class of students.
4816	None	A small group of women are holding each other and dancing together.	A woman is dancing alone
4817	None	A dog that has brown and white fur is trotting in the shallows	A white and brown dog is struggling anxiously through the water
4818	None	A small and fearful boy is on the floor	A boy is climbing up a climbing wall and is attached to a rope
4819	None	A caramel white dog is running through the tall green grass	A brown and white dog is resting on the grass.
4820	None	A man is playing a trumpet	The man is not playing a guitar
4821	None	A girl is brushing her hair	A girl is combing her hair
4822	None	The soccer ball is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass	The small child is playing soccer and falling harmlessly on the grass
4823	None	A man is getting in a car	A man is getting out of the car
4824	None	A drunk man is milking a cat	The milk is being drunk by a cat
4825	None	A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running through the grass.	A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth with difficulty and running through the grass.
4826	None	A man is playing two keyboards.	A musician is playing two keyboards.
4827	None	A man is typing on a machine used for shorthand	A man is fixing a shorthand machine
4828	None	A person is wrapping a tortilla	A man is slowly bending a tortilla
4829	None	A sitting woman is singing a song and playing the guitar	There are no women sitting singing a song and playing the guitar
4830	None	Four young men are exploding and a car is standing behind them	The boys are standing in front of the burning car
4831	None	A woman is putting meat in a frying pan	A frying pan is being poured over the meat
4832	None	The person is playing the flute	The man is playing the flute
4833	None	Three men are practicing karate in a gym	Three boys in karate uniform are fighting
4834	None	An asian woman in the crowd is carrying a black bag	There&#39;s no girl with a black bag on a crowded train
4835	None	A man is breaking wooden tables with his hand.	A man is breaking tiles with his hands.
4836	None	A man is playing the loud guitar	There is no man playing the loud guitar
4837	None	Three women are dancing	The man is dancing frantically
4838	None	The man is not slicing potatoes	A woman is peeling a potato
4839	None	A dog, which is brown, and one that is black, are running in the grass.	A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.
4840	None	A cowgirl is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel	A brown horse is far from a red barrel at a rodeo.
4841	None	A person is playing the keyboard	A man is playing the keyboard
4842	None	An old woman is standing near a dog with white coat.	A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump
4843	None	The black and white dog is running and a person is after him	A black person is running next to a white stand and a dog is barking after him
4844	None	The cats are not playing with each other	The cats are playing with each other
4845	None	The guitar is being played by a lady	The man is practicing the guitar
4846	None	The cat is eating some corn	A cat is eating corn on the cob
4847	None	The man is not playing a guitar	The man is playing a guitar
4848	None	A horse is standing	A woman is cutting a white onion
4849	None	A parrot is talking	The microphone in front of the talking parrot is being muted
4850	None	A woman is performing in the rain	A woman is dancing and singing in the rain.
4851	None	The man is performing in a microphone and is singing	The man on stage is singing into the microphone
4852	None	A rocker is sitting in a T-shirt that has a man standing over a gray waterfall in front of him.	The man in the gray t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
4853	None	The boys are dancing in front of some people	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
4854	None	A man is riding an animal	A man is riding a horse
4855	None	A sea turtle is not hunting fish	A sea turtle is looking for fish
4856	None	A person is pouring olive oil into a pan on the stove	A person is pouring olive oil into a pan on the stove
4857	None	A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is sitting next to her	Woman and man are not traveling by car
4858	None	Two big people are sitting on a park bench and they have a soda bottle between them	Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench
4859	None	A little child is drinking water from the cup.	The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl.
4860	None	A man is performing with the guitar	The man is singing and playing the guitar
4861	None	No biker is standing on the seat of a motorcycle	Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is sitting in the seat
4862	None	Two big people are standing near a park bench and there&#39;s nothing between them	A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench.
4863	None	The man and the woman are walking	A man and a woman are walking through the woods
4864	None	The man is doing a magic trick	A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree.
4865	None	The woman wearing silver pants with the pink bell-mouth and a pink scarf is riding a bicycle	A woman, who is taking off a pink scarf, is stopping her bike on a pedestrian bridge
4866	None	A magician is cutting a girl into two pieces like butter	Tofu is being sliced by a woman
4867	None	A man is playing tape in a cut out box	The man is cutting the tape in the box
4868	None	A woman is slicing an onion	A woman is cutting meat
4869	None	A woman is peeling a potato	A woman is slicing a tomato
4870	None	A small group of women are holding each other and dancing together.	Two men are playing ping pong
4871	None	A woman is sitting and looking at a waterfall	Someone is sitting at the waterfall and is looking at a woman
4872	None	The blonde girl is dancing in front of the stereo	Blonde girl is dancing behind the stereo
4873	None	There&#39;s no baby playing with a dog	A baby is playing with a dog
4874	None	A man is playing a flute	There&#39;s no man playing a flute
4875	None	The man is chopping a tree trunk with an ax	A man is chopping a log with an ax
4876	None	A poor man is being fed with snakes and rats	The man is carefully feeding the snake with a mouse
4877	None	A lion is tiring the whole corral walking anxiously	A lion is walking slowly
4878	None	There&#39;s no man frying a tortilla	A man is frying a tortilla
4879	None	The man is chopping a tree trunk with an ax	There&#39;s no man chopping a log with an ax
4880	None	Children in red shirts are sleeping in the sheets	Kids in red shirts are playing in the leaves
4881	None	There are no white and brown dogs struggling anxiously in the water.	A dog that has brown and white fur is trotting in the shallows
4882	None	A woman is storing broccoli	The woman is chopping garlic
4883	None	A dog, which is brown, and a black are running on the grass.	A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.
4884	None	The man is not doing floor exercises	A man is doing exercises.
4885	None	The cyclist is performing a trick in the air.	A man is doing a bike trick in midair
4886	None	A man is slicing an onion	No onions are being cut by a man
4887	None	A child is hitting a baseball	A family is watching a boy hitting a baseball
4888	None	A person is taking meat from sautese	A person is putting meat in a sautese
4889	None	A guitar is being played by a woman	A man is playing a guitar
4890	None	Few men like to dump tomato oil	The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
4891	None	A woman is removing cosmetics from her eyelid.	The woman is casting shadow
4892	None	The woman is putting the kangaroo back	The woman is catching a kangaroo baby
4893	None	A man is crying	A sad man is crying
4894	None	A group of people are dancing.	Women are dancing divinely outside
4895	None	A man is dancing on the road.	There&#39;s no man dancing on the road
4896	None	The windows are being cleaned by a man	The man is driving a car carefully
4897	None	A monkey is angrily kicking a target	A chimpanzee is missing the target
4898	None	The monkey is practicing martial arts	The monkey is being trained in martial arts
4899	None	A cowboy is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel	A cowgirl is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel
4900	None	A woman is playing a flute	A woman is getting rid of a flute
4901	None	One person riding a bicycle is wearing equipment that is black	A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike
4902	None	Two dogs are sleeping near a tree	Two dogs are playing near a tree
4903	None	A man is pouring a plate of cheese that is grated into a sauce pan	The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
4904	None	A man is playing the guitar	The man is playing an acoustic guitar
4905	None	Young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby	A group of children are playing in the house and there are no men standing in the background.
4906	None	The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach	A man is attentively taking pictures of a lake
4907	None	A cook is slicing some bell peppers	There&#39;s no cook slicing some chillies
4908	None	A man is not playing a guitar	A man is playing a guitar
4909	None	A lady is cutting meat into pieces	There&#39;s no lady cutting some meat
4910	None	A man is playing a violin	There&#39;s no man playing a harp
4911	None	A person is playing a guitar and singing	The woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing
4912	None	The animal with big eyes is sleeping	The animal with big eyes is eating
4913	None	A man is removing a carrot from a machine.	A rope is being climbed by a man
4914	None	People are rowing and rowing	No one is floating in a dinghy
4915	None	A child is facing the ocean waves	A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
4916	None	There&#39;s no man running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine.	Three men are jumping off a wall
4917	None	There&#39;s no people setting the cameras on fire	The person is setting the cameras on fire
4918	None	A woman is taking shadow	A woman is casting a shadow
4919	None	The man is playing a child inside a pool that is near the ocean	A father is launching his daughter into a pool
4920	None	Some slices of tofu are being eaten by a woman.	A girl is cutting butter in two pieces
4921	None	Several swimmers are jumping in the water	Some swimmers are coming out of a lake.
4922	None	A group of people are equipped with safety equipment.	Mountaineering equipment is firmly positioned in front of standing cyclist
4923	None	A man is slicing a tomato	A woman is cutting a carrot
4924	None	There&#39;s no woman tapping her fingers	A woman is tapping her fingers
4925	None	The man is performing in a microphone and is singing	A man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone and singing
4926	None	A man is playing field soccer	A soccer player is playing the piano
4927	None	A small boy is jumping in a puddle on the street.	A small boy in gym clothes is in a puddle on the street
4928	None	The parrot is speaking into the microphone	The parrot is silent in front of the microphone
4929	None	A woman is boiling shrimps	A woman is not boiling shrimps
4930	None	Runners are running in a competition.	Runners are competing around the track
4931	None	A man is opening a package containing headphones	A man is opening a package that does not contain headphones.
4932	None	A plane is flying through the air	The plane, which is South African, is flying in a blue sky.
4933	None	A man is drawing a picture	The person is not drawing
4934	None	There&#39;s no man slapping an alligator&#39;s mouth	A person is pouring chopped vegetables into a pan on the stove
4935	None	There&#39;s no monkey brushing the dog	A monkey is brushing the dog
4936	None	The girl likes red and is not wearing beads for teenagers	A teen girl is wearing beads that are red
4937	None	Two kids are pulling an inflatable crocodile out of a pool	Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
4938	None	A woman is casting a shadow	The woman is removing makeup
4939	None	Two men are holding some water standing near the fishing rods	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing rods
4940	None	A woman is brushing her hand	A woman is brushing her feet
4941	None	The woman and the man are traveling by car	A woman is driving a car and is talking animatedly to the man who is sitting next to her
4942	None	A woman is throwing a potato peel	Potato is being peeled by a woman
4943	None	There are no children lying in the snow and making snow angels	Two kids are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
4944	None	Two cows are fighting in a pasture near a man	Two men are fighting in a corral
4945	None	A man is mixing some ingredients in a bowl.	A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
4946	None	A man is being tied before climbing	A man is climbing a rope
4947	None	A wee boy is playing with a dog	A baby is playing with a dog
4948	None	A man is riding a horse	The man is riding a horse near a current
4949	None	There are no dogs playing animatedly with water in the grass	A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass.
4950	None	Some men are sawing.	The men are chopping wood
4951	None	A woman and a dog are standing near a tree stump	A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump
4952	None	A person is pouring chopped vegetables into a pan on the stove	A person is removing chopped vegetables from a pan on the stove
4953	None	A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes.	A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes.
4954	None	A man doing a pose is being watched by another man	A man in a purple-dyed shirt is looking at a man in a black shirt who is making a face that looks funny
4955	None	Two people are in the snow wearing camouflage clothing	Two people are in the snow without wearing camouflage clothing
4956	None	The photo with a set up camera is being taken by a man on the beach at sunset.	The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach
4957	None	A man is breaking tiles with his hands.	A man is breaking a wooden hand against a board.
4958	None	A deer is jumping over a fence	There&#39;s no deer jumping over fences
4959	None	There are no dogs playing with a red ball	Two brown dogs are playing a red ball and are playing in the grass
4960	None	There is no man riding a horse	A man is riding a horse
4961	None	A kangaroo is taking the woman&#39;s baby	The woman is catching the kangaroo
4962	None	A man is playing an electronic keyboard.	A man is playing a flute
4963	None	A brown and white coat is floating in the shallows next to a trotting dog.	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water
4964	None	A man is talking	A man is spitting
4965	None	A woman is cutting meat	A woman is slicing an onion
4966	None	A woman is slicing meat with a sharp knife	A man is spreading dough
4967	None	Ferrets are climbing shelf below	Several ferrets are climbing into the cage.
4968	None	Two men are playing the guitar	Two women are talking
4969	None	The turtle is following the red fish	A sea turtle is looking for fish
4970	None	A girl is wearing a pink shirt that has white writing and is lying on the grass	The young girl with pink shirt is quietly lying on the grass
4971	None	The man is dancing	The man is dancing wildly
4972	None	A group of boys in a backyard are playing and a man is standing in the background.	Young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby
4973	None	The woman is slicing herbs	The man is slicing bread
4974	None	A dog is eating a doll	There&#39;s no dog eating a doll
4975	None	There&#39;s no badger digging the earth shrewdly	The badger is digging a hole
4976	None	Two people are fighting kickboxing and spectators are watching	Two women are fighting in a kickboxing match
4977	None	The man is drawing	A girl is drawing a man
4978	None	A child is playing a guitar	There&#39;s no boy playing a guitar
4979	None	The woman is adding sugar to the meat	There&#39;s no woman adding spices to some meat
4980	None	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand	There&#39;s no monkey kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand
4981	None	A person is kicking a soccer ball between the feet	A person is kicking a soccer field ball between someone&#39;s feet
4982	None	There are no groups of people dancing	A group of people are dancing.
4983	None	A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike	One man is pushing a helmet against another on a black bike.
4984	None	A man is releasing a fish	A woman is boning a fish
4985	None	The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl	An individual is beating an egg
4986	None	A man is parking a car in a garage.	A man is getting into a car in a garage
4987	None	There are no dogs fighting and hugging	Two dogs are fighting and hugging
4988	None	A man is typing on a machine used for shorthand	Man needs a shorthand machine to operate
4989	None	A guitar is being played by a man	A woman is playing an electric guitar
4990	None	An animal is grazing in a field	A rhino is grazing in a field
4991	None	A person is recklessly riding a horse	The elephant is being ridden by the woman
4992	None	A man is wearing a protective helmet and dancing.	A man is dancing with a used helmet
4993	None	The girl is riding a horse	The boy is spraying the plants with water
4994	None	Some swimmers are coming out of a lake.	Several swimmers are jumping in the water
4995	None	The girl in a red-dyed shirt is not blowing a bubble	The girl in the red shirt is blowing a bubble
4996	None	The speaker likes parrots	A parrot is talking
4997	None	A woman is slicing a carrot	A woman is slicing a potato
4998	None	A man is climbing upwards on a rope.	A man is recklessly climbing a rope
4999	None	A man is cutting a paper board.	The man is not cutting a paper board
5000	None	A man is breaking wooden tables with his hand.	A man is breaking a wooden hand against a board.
5001	None	A monkey is angrily kicking a target	Oil is being poured into a sautese by the woman.
5002	None	A man is walking in the rain.	A man and a woman are walking pleasantly.
5003	None	A motocross rider is giving a motorcycle to a person at an event.	The person is riding a motorcycle on a sandy track
5004	None	The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken	The oil is being stirred by a man
5005	None	A woman is taking a can	A man is taking a can
5006	None	A dog is licking a baby	A dog is moving away from a baby
5007	None	Woman is erasing the drawing on the board	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work on the blackboard
5008	None	A young child is climbing a climbing wall that is in a covered area.	Young boy is climbing the stone wall
5009	None	The girl in the red shirt is blowing a bubble	The girl, who is young, is blowing a bubble that is huge
5010	None	A person is sitting	A man is dancing
5011	None	A man is cutting a tomato	A woman is cutting a tomato
5012	None	A boy is waving from the ocean to some young runners	The young boy is running by the waves of the ocean
5013	None	A group of children in uniforms are standing at a gate and one is kissing their mother	A group of children in uniform are standing at the gate and there is no one kissing their mother.
5014	None	There&#39;s no horse throwing the cowboy in red and blue pants	A man is falling from a horse on a track and is thrown in the wild.
5015	None	A woman is breading a pork chop	Carrots are being grated by a woman
5016	None	Ferrets are climbing shelf above	Ferrets are climbing shelf below
5017	None	A group of people are equipped with safety equipment.	A person wearing cycling clothes is standing firmly in front of the mountains.
5018	None	There&#39;s no man singing to a woman	A man is singing to a woman
5019	None	There is no man playing the loud guitar	A man is playing the loud guitar
5020	None	The guitar player loves the man passionately	A person is singing and playing the guitar
5021	None	A baby is laughing	A man is resting
5022	None	The boys are standing in front of the burning car	The boys are not standing in front of the burning car
5023	None	A black and caramel dog is running through the low green grass	A caramel white dog is running through the tall green grass
5024	None	A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a muddy puddle	A small boy is coming out of a puddle in the street
5025	None	There are no planes taking off	A plane is taking off
5026	None	Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by one person.	There&#39;s no woman breaking eggs in a bowl
5027	None	There&#39;s no man drawing a picture	The person is drawing
5028	None	The woman in silver pants with the pink bell-mouth and a pink scarf is not riding a bicycle	The woman wearing silver pants with the pink bell-mouth and a pink scarf is riding a bicycle
5029	None	The girl is spraying the plants with water	The man is riding a horse
5030	None	The person is jet skiing in the waves	A woman is riding on a watercraft
5031	None	Some teens are dancing for the camera.	Three teen girls are dancing in the room
5032	None	A person is slicing a carrot into pieces	There&#39;s no person slicing a carrot into pieces
5033	None	The boy is playing a musical instrument	Woman is pouring oil into the frying pan
5034	None	A woman is riding a horse	There&#39;s no man shooting with guns
5035	None	There are no rhinos grazing in a field	A rhino is grazing in a field
5036	None	A girl is wearing a pink shirt that has white writing and is lying on the grass	The quiet young girl is lying on the grass in the pink shirt
5037	None	The woman is slicing an onion with a knife	A man is preparing a plate
5038	None	Two young children are fasting	Two young children are eating rolls
5039	None	A man is pouring a pan of cheese sauce into a grated plate	The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
5040	None	The monkey is brushing a bulldog	There&#39;s no monkey brushing the dog
5041	None	A man is frying a tortilla	A person is doing a trick with some cards.
5042	None	Young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby	A group of boys in a backyard are playing and a man is standing in the background.
5043	None	Someone is playing the guitar	A man is playing a guitar
5044	None	A jump on white snow is very attractive to snowboarders	Snowboarder jumps in the air
5045	None	A man is resting	A man is doing exercises.
5046	None	A black man in green is riding a bicycle	A man dressed in black is riding a bicycle
5047	None	A man is walking outside	A man is sitting
5048	None	A cat is playing a keyboard	There&#39;s no cat playing a keyboard
5049	None	A man in a team shirt is burying a ball in a basketball game	The player is losing the basket and a crowd is in the background.
5050	None	A man is playing a trumpet	A man is holding a trumpet.
5051	None	There&#39;s no man riding a motorcycle around town	A man is riding a motorcycle
5052	None	The woman with the knife is not slicing a pepper	A woman is slicing a green pepper
5053	None	A woman is slicing a carrot	There&#39;s no woman slicing a carrot
5054	None	A brown and white dog is moving across the wild grass	A caramel white dog is running through the tall green grass
5055	None	Runners are not running around a track	Runners are competing in a race.
5056	None	A boy is walking across a bridge	A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge
5057	None	A cat is eating some corn	A cat is eagerly eating corn on the cob
5058	None	The cat is licking milk from a saucer	Some milk is being greedily drunk by a cat
5059	None	A man is falling from a horse on a track and is thrown in the wild.	Cowboy in blue and red pants is being hurled by a horse
5060	None	A man is dancing	A man is singing
5061	None	A woman is putting two eggs into a pan of water	A woman is taking two eggs from a pan with water
5062	None	A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench.	Two big people are standing near a park bench and there&#39;s nothing between them
5063	None	The cats are playing with each other	Two cats are lying together.
5064	None	A man is driving a car.	There is no man riding a horse
5065	None	The woman wearing silver pants with the pink bell-mouth and a pink scarf is riding a bicycle	The woman wearing silver pants with pink bell-bottom and a red scarf is happily riding a bicycle
5066	None	A plane is flying through the air	A plane is being parked on the ground.
5067	None	A naked lady is walking in front of a crowd with body painting	An old topless woman is covered in paint.
5068	None	A man is walking in the woods	A man is walking slowly in the woods
5069	None	A man is driving a car.	A woman is dipping a shrimp in the batter
5070	None	The man is playing a piano	The man is austerely playing a piano
5071	None	A monkey is brushing the dog	The monkey is brushing a bulldog
5072	None	A woman is cutting meat	A woman is cutting an onion
5073	None	The three men are dancing	There&#39;s no woman dancing
5074	None	The person is setting the cameras on fire	There&#39;s no people setting the cameras on fire
5075	None	There&#39;s no boy filling a jug with water	A woman is collecting tap water in a mug
5076	None	A white dog and a black dog are running side by side on the green grass.	A white dog and a black dog are running happily side by side in the grass.
5077	None	A little black train is in a girl&#39;s bag	An asian woman in the crowd is carrying a black bag
5078	None	The children of the family are playing and waiting	Three asian kids are dancing and one man is looking
5079	None	A woman is dancing	The man is dancing
5080	None	A lion is walking slowly	There is no lion tiredly walking anxiously in a cage
5081	None	The woman is drinking	The woman is eating
5082	None	A dog is rolling around	A puppy is rolling back and forth repeatedly
5083	None	A cat is trapped in a moving ceiling fan	A cat is stuck in the shovel of a moving fan
5084	None	A boy is playing a guitar	A boy is pushing the guitar away
5085	None	A teenager is playing the guitar	A boy is playing a guitar
5086	None	One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman	One woman is denying volleyball balls to another woman
5087	None	A man is playing the flute	A man is playing baseball with a flute
5088	None	The child is motionless in the snow	A child is slipping in the snow
5089	None	The person is practicing playing the guitar	The person who is practicing does not like the guitar
5090	None	A person is riding a motorcycle	A person is not chopping an onion
5091	None	There&#39;s no woman breaking eggs in a bowl	Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by one person.
5092	None	A clown is singing and people are dancing	There&#39;s no clown singing
5093	None	Several people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights	A group of Asian people are eating in a restaurant.
5094	None	The monkey is practicing martial arts	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand
5095	None	There&#39;s no man tying a shoe	A man is tying a shoe
5096	None	A woman is peeling a potato	There&#39;s no woman slicing a tomato
5097	None	A man is failing to do a bike trick in midair	A man is doing a bike trick in midair
5098	None	A boy on a snow-covered hill is wearing a red blouse and a black hat and sliding on his knees.	A sleigh is full of children
5099	None	A man is eating a pizza	There&#39;s no man eating pizza
5100	None	A man in a dyed purple shirt is looking at the man in the black shirt who is making a funny face	A man is posing to be watched by another man.
5101	None	Some horses are resting on the green grass.	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over an obstacle.
5102	None	The guitar is being played by the man	A man is playing a trumpet
5103	None	A person is playing a guitar and singing	No one is playing guitar and singing
5104	None	A monkey is brushing the dog	A bulldog is brushing the monkey
5105	None	The man is not hammering a nail with a camera	The man is hammering a nail with a camera
5106	None	A man is frying food	A person is performing a card trick
5107	None	There&#39;s no man performing a trick on a green bike	A man dressed in black is riding a bicycle
5108	None	A rope is being climbed by a man	A man is removing a carrot from a machine.
5109	None	There&#39;s no woman beating eggs	The woman is eating
5110	None	Two people are walking two dogs with golden fur in the snow	Two men are walking two dogs with golden fur in the snow
5111	None	A man is driving a car.	There&#39;s no woman dipping a shrimp in the batter
5112	None	A squirrel is running in circles.	A squirrel is insanely spinning in circles.
5113	None	The man is riding a horse	The man is not riding a horse
5114	None	A piano is being played by someone	A man is playing a guitar
5115	None	A lonely man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall	A man is pointing to a silver sedan
5116	None	A man is dancing on the road.	A man is standing still
5117	None	A caramel white dog is running through the tall green grass	A brown and white dog is moving across the wild grass
5118	None	The man is not slicing the potato	The man is slicing the potato
5119	None	A plane is landing	A plane is taking off
5120	None	A boy is hitting a man with a sword	A boy is hitting a man with a plastic sword
5121	None	A girl is falling asleep	A child is waking up
5122	None	Two young children are eating rolls	Two young children are playing with a man eating curled up
5123	None	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.	Some boys are in front of people dancing
5124	None	Two sausages are playing with a red ball	Two brown dogs are fighting for a red toy and are playing in the grass
5125	None	Paper and scissors both cut	The piece of paper is being cut
5126	None	Meat is being poured into a frying pan	A woman is clumsily putting meat in a frying pan
5127	None	The player is losing the basket and a crowd is in the background.	The player is burying the basketball and a crowd is in the background
5128	None	Runners are competing in a race.	Runners are racing fiercely around the track
5129	None	There&#39;s no cat sliding upside down under a couch	A cat is sliding upside down on a couch
5130	None	The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person is standing behind him	A small dog is running and its owner is trying to catch it.
5131	None	There&#39;s no dog playing with a toy	A dog is playing with a toy
5132	None	The cats are playing with each other	Two cats are fighting each other playfully
5133	None	A person is chopping an onion	A person is riding a motorcycle
5134	None	The woman is playing the flute	A woman is holding a flute.
5135	None	A woman is amalgamating eggs	The woman is eating
5136	None	Doctors are reviving a man	The patient is being helped by the doctor
5137	None	A woman is thinking of a man	A man is dancing
5138	None	Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage	Ferrets are climbing shelf above
5139	None	A person with cycling gear is standing facing some mountains	There is no person wearing cyclist equipment standing firmly in front of the mountains
5140	None	A motorcycle is riding standing in the vehicle seat	A biker is standing on the seat of a white motorcycle
5141	None	A person in a black blouse is doing tricks on a motorcycle	A person is riding a bicycle on one wheel
5142	None	Someone is on a horse	The man is being knocked off the horse
5143	None	A truck is speeding down a hill	A drunk man is carefully watering a cat.
5144	None	An Asian girl standing in front of a brick window doesn&#39;t look surprised	An Asian girl in front of a brick window looks surprised
5145	None	A couple is running towards the ocean	A couple is running and holding hands
5146	None	A crowd near people is kissing two by two	Two people are kissing near a crowd
5147	None	There are no women covering a pork chop	A woman is grating carrots
5148	None	The man is being knocked off the horse	Someone is on a horse
5149	None	A man plays a piano at a concert.	A man is playing a guitar
5150	None	The woman is chopping garlic	A woman is chopping broccoli
5151	None	A woman is tapping her fingers	There&#39;s no woman tapping her fingers
5152	None	A man is quickly mincing some mushrooms with a knife	A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
5153	None	Vegetables are being sliced by a man.	A woman is slicing a potato
5154	None	A fish is not swimming	Some fish are swimming.
5155	None	The cat is drinking some milk	A kitten is drinking fresh milk.
5156	None	A guy is riding a horse	A man is riding a horse in the desert
5157	None	A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it	A woman is preparing a sautese for the eggs
5158	None	A monkey is riding a bicycle	A man is stopping the bike
5159	None	A piano is not being played by a man	A piano is being played by a man
5160	None	The man is cutting a paper plate	There&#39;s no man cutting a paper plate
5161	None	There&#39;s nobody cutting a tomato	Someone is cutting a tomato
5162	None	A person is brushing a cat	A person is stroking a cat&#39;s fur
5163	None	A black dog and a light brown dog are fighting in the yard.	A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard.
5164	None	The man is not stirring the oil	The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken
5165	None	A woman is combing her hair	A woman is cooking prawns
5166	None	The elephant is being ridden by the woman	There&#39;s no man recklessly riding a horse
5167	None	There&#39;s no man shooting with guns	A man is shooting guns
5168	None	Two kids are lying in the snow and are making snow angels	There are no children lying in the snow and making snow angels
5169	None	A woman is playing a flute	A concentrated woman is playing the flute
5170	None	A woman is slicing meat with a knife	A man is spreading dough
5171	None	A boy is playing a piano	A man is singing and playing a guitar
5172	None	The monkey is practicing martial arts	A person in gloves is kicking a monkey&#39;s hand
5173	None	The singer is leaving the band	A woman is applying makeup carefully
5174	None	A woman is riding a horse	A man is shooting guns
5175	None	Don&#39;t have any lemur eating	The animal with big eyes is eating
5176	None	One person is boiling pasta	Pasta is being boiled in water by a woman
5177	None	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work on the blackboard	The man is erasing the drawing on the board
5178	None	Oil is being poured into a sautese by the woman.	A monkey is angrily kicking a target
5179	None	A cat is eating some corn	A cat is moving away from some corn
5180	None	A woman is brushing her hand	A woman is chopping an onion
5181	None	A man is playing a guitar	A man is playing a piano
5182	None	A man is talking	A man is standing still
5183	None	A cable is being cast by a man	A rope is being climbed by a man
5184	None	A red sweater with a smiling lady is suitable for wearing with light brown hair, earrings and a necklace.	A teen girl is wearing beads that are red
5185	None	The lady is breaking raw eggs in the bowl	The lady is not breaking eggs in the bowl
5186	None	A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave	A man is turning off the microwave
5187	None	The man is playing the piano with his nose	A man at the keyboard is playing with his nose
5188	None	The boys are standing in front of the burning car	Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
5189	None	A man is playing an acoustic guitar.	The woman is playing a guitar that is electric
5190	None	A man is talking about the stage.	A man is speaking at a podium
5191	None	The man is not driving a car	The windows are being cleaned by a man
5192	None	A woman is preparing a sautese for the eggs	A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
5193	None	A man is being pushed toward the buttons of a microwave	A man is turning on the microwave
5194	None	There&#39;s no woman slicing a carrot	A woman is slicing a carrot
5195	None	The man is not playing the piano	A guy is playing excitedly with a sock ball
5196	None	A man is falling from a horse on a track and is thrown in the wild.	A man is climbing a horse on a track in the wild.
5197	None	The cat is licking milk from a saucer	Some milk sauce is being given to the cat.
5198	None	The person is practicing playing the guitar	The person is not practicing the guitar
5199	None	There is no man in a suit standing at the microphone and singing	The man on stage is singing into the microphone
5200	None	The monkey is practicing martial arts	There&#39;s no monkey kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand
5201	None	Several customers are eating in a crowded restaurant with purple lights	Several people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
5202	None	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch	A man is kicking a soccer ball hard
5203	None	A woman is boiling shrimps	A woman is combing her hair
5204	None	Kids in red shirts are playing in the leaves	Children in red shirts are sleeping in the sheets
5205	None	The writings are about a person drawing	The person is writing with a pencil
5206	None	The man is intensely playing the guitar	A girl is not playing the guitar
5207	None	A small boy in gym clothes is in a puddle on the street	A small boy is jumping in a puddle on the street.
5208	None	A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it	A woman is taking a mixture from a bowl
5209	None	There&#39;s no monkey kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand	The monkey is practicing martial arts
5210	None	Someone is playing the piano	Someone is feeding an animal
5211	None	Men are sawing logs	Women are sawing logs
5212	None	The interviewer is giving the man a break	A white car is being driven by a man
5213	None	The woman is not pouring oil in a sautese	The woman is pouring oil in a sautese
5214	None	The speaker likes parrots	The parrot is speaking into the microphone
5215	None	People are not rowing and rowing	Four people are floating in a dinghy
5216	None	A sitting woman is singing a song and playing the guitar	A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and is reading a book.
5217	None	The man is not riding a horse	The man is riding a horse
5218	None	A man is getting into a car	A man is getting into a car in a garage
5219	None	A child is hitting a baseball	A small boy is watching a family that is hitting a baseball
5220	None	A woman is adding spices to some meat	Woman is slowly adding sugar to meat
5221	None	A man is dancing with a used helmet	A man is wearing a protective helmet and dancing.
5222	None	There&#39;s no man chopping some mushrooms quickly with a knife	A person is quickly mincing mushrooms with a knife
5223	None	The man is throwing knives at the tree.	A man is outside and is throwing blades at a nearby target
5224	None	The woman is pouring oil in a sautese	A chimpanzee is missing the target
5225	None	A monkey is wading through the swamp	A little monkey is walking by the water
5226	None	A man and a woman are walking around the city together.	A man and a woman are walking through the wooded area.
5227	None	A man and a woman are walking through the woods	The man and the woman are not walking
5228	None	The man is doing a magic trick	A man is dangerously extracting knives from a tree.
5229	None	A person is combing a cat&#39;s fur	No one is brushing the cat
5230	None	Meat is being minced to pieces by a woman	Meat is being sewn by a woman
5231	None	Leaf-covered kids are playing with red shirts	Three kids are jumping on the leaves
5232	None	A girl is drawing a man	The man is drawing
5233	None	There&#39;s no man playing a flute	A man is playing a flute
5234	None	A man is inside the house and is throwing blades at a nearby target.	A man is outside and is throwing blades at a nearby target.
5235	None	A soccer player is playing the piano	A man is playing field soccer
5236	None	Five kids are standing together and one child has a gun	Five kids are standing together and one child has a pistol
5237	None	The boss is carefully pouring oil into a frying pan	There&#39;s no man pouring liquid into a pan
5238	None	The woman is stirring meat in a bowl	The woman is not stirring meat in a bowl
5239	None	A man and a woman are talking	A man and a woman are not eating
5240	None	A woman is cutting a tomato	A man is cutting a tomato
5241	None	The woman is putting the kangaroo back	The woman is catching the kangaroo
5242	None	The man has a window of time to clean himself	The man is driving a car
5243	None	The brown horse stands near a red barrel at the rodeo.	A cowgirl is riding in a barrel near a horse at the corner
5244	None	A man is mixing the contents of a bowl.	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch
5245	None	A guy is playing excitedly with a sock ball	The man is playing the piano
5246	None	Several people stand in front of a colorful building	People are walking inside a building that has many murals
5247	None	A girl has a shirt and is keeping her mouth open	An Asian girl in front of a brick window looks surprised
5248	None	The man is not operating a stenographer	A man is typing on a machine used for shorthand
5249	None	A dog is jumping on a trampoline	There&#39;s no dog jumping on a trampoline
5250	None	There&#39;s no walking lion	A lion is walking slowly
5251	None	A man is talking to a girl using an internet camera.	A teenage boy is talking to a girl with a webcam
5252	None	A man is carelessly spreading butter on a garlic bread.	A man is spreading butter on a large loaf of bread
5253	None	People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction.	A small girl is looking at a fantasy woman
5254	None	A man is playing an electronic keyboard.	A flute is being played by a man
5255	None	A man is running on the road	There&#39;s no man running on the road
5256	None	A person is not tearing paper	A man is cutting a paper.
5257	None	A woman is removing ingredients from a bowl.	A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl.
5258	None	A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants	A brown dog is helping another animal in front of the pants man
5259	None	A woman is playing the flute	A flute is being played adorable by a girl
5260	None	A monkey is riding a bicycle	A man is riding a bicycle
5261	None	The man has a window of time to clean himself	The windows are being cleaned by a man
5262	None	The person is drawing	A man is taking a picture of a drawing
5263	None	A man is playing a guitar	A guitar is being passionately played by a man
5264	None	A man is preparing some dish	The woman is not slicing an onion with a knife
5265	None	Some milk sauce is being given to the cat.	The cat is licking milk from a saucer
5266	None	A baby is licking a dog	A dog is licking a baby
5267	None	A woman is playing the flute	A flute is being played by a girl
5268	None	A man doing a pose is being watched by another man	A man is posing to be watched by another man.
5269	None	A woman is slicing an eggplant	There are no women slicing an eggplant
5270	None	A white man is strolling a dog through the brown water with difficulty	A dog that has brown and white fur is trotting in the shallows
5271	None	Women are dancing divinely outside	A group of people are dancing.
5272	None	A woman and a man are walking	A man is walking in the rain.
5273	None	A cowgirl is riding in a barrel near a horse at the corner	A cowgirl is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel
5274	None	A plane is flying	A jet plane is flying
5275	None	A person is removing chopped vegetables from a pan on the stove	A person is pouring chopped vegetables into a pan on the stove
5276	None	A man is chopping a log with an ax	The man is chopping a tree trunk with an ax
5277	None	A woman is slicing meat with a knife	A woman is slicing meat with a sharp knife
5278	None	There is no person writing	A person is writing
5279	None	A boy is combing his hair	A girl is combing her hair
5280	None	Two people are kissing near a crowd	Two people are kissing passionately near a crowd
5281	None	A man is thinking	A person is dancing
5282	None	The man is climbing in the woods	The man is walking happily in the forest
5283	None	The player is burying the basketball and a crowd is in the background	Basketball game consists of a ball being buried by a man in a team shirt
5284	None	A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass.	An old man is sitting in a field
5285	None	The soccer ball is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass	The boy on the grass is lying down and is holding the soccer ball between his feet
5286	None	Some people are singing	A group of people are silent
5287	None	The driver&#39;s car is parked by a man	The man is driving a car
5288	None	Some horses are resting on the green grass.	Jockeys are running horses in the field, which is completely green
5289	None	There are no dogs jumping in the air	One dog is jumping high in the air and another is watching
5290	None	There&#39;s no man dressed in black and riding a green bike	A man dressed in black is riding a bicycle
5291	None	A woman is holding carrots.	A woman is grating carrots
5292	None	Four people are floating in a dinghy	Some people are sailing and rowing
5293	None	Some women are dancing.	Some men are dancing.
5294	None	A woman is collecting tap water in a mug	There&#39;s no boy filling a jug with water
5295	None	The woman is cutting a vegetable	There are no women slicing an eggplant
5296	None	A sea turtle is looking for food	A sea turtle is looking for fish
5297	None	The boy is riding on a tricycle	A woman is riding a watercraft
5298	None	The boys are standing in front of the burning car	Four young men are exploding and a car is standing behind them
5299	None	A woman is slicing a tomato	There&#39;s no woman slicing a tomato
5300	None	A squirrel is lying down	A squirrel is running in circles.
5301	None	The man is not riding a mechanical bull	A man is riding a mechanical bull.
5302	None	Someone is playing a piano	There&#39;s nobody playing the guitar
5303	None	Two men stand outside a cattle ranch	Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
5304	None	The dancer is dancing in front of the sound equipment.	The blonde girl is dancing in front of the stereo
5305	None	A man is dancing	A person is sitting
5306	None	A man dressed in black is riding a bicycle	A man is performing a trick on a green bike
5307	None	Four girls are bridging and playing in the garden	Four kids are bridging the park
5308	None	A woman is dancing alone	A small group of women are holding each other and dancing together.
5309	None	A cowboy is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel	The brown horse stands near a red barrel at the rodeo.
5310	None	The woman is not catching a baby kangaroo	The woman is catching the kangaroo
5311	None	There&#39;s no man playing a keyboard	A person is playing the keyboard
5312	None	There&#39;s no boy holding a fishing rod and running in front of a fish	A boy is running away from a fishing line
5313	None	The woman is measuring the other woman	A young lady is measuring another woman&#39;s ankle
5314	None	A woman is cutting some flowers.	A woman is pruning some plants
5315	None	There&#39;s no man eating cereal	The man is eating cereal
5316	None	There&#39;s no woman slicing a potato	A woman is slicing a potato
5317	None	The woman is dicing onions	There&#39;s no woman chopping an onion
5318	None	There is no dog running and carrying an object in its mouth	Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths
5319	None	A man is riding a bicycle	A monkey is riding a bicycle
5320	None	A couple is running and holding hands	A man and a woman are running together and holding hands.
5321	None	A monkey is riding a bicycle	A bicycle is being pedaled by a man
5322	None	No one is slicing a loaf of bread	A man is slicing a bread
5323	None	The men are performing on stage.	There is no mime acting
5324	None	The man is singing and playing the guitar	The man is singing gracefully and playing the guitar
5325	None	A woman is squeezing a lemon	A woman is squeezing juice from a lemon.
5326	None	A girl is playing the guitar	The guitarist is loving a girl
5327	None	Three men are jumping from a high wall	Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine.
5328	None	A monkey is wading through the swamp	There&#39;s no monkey wading through a swamp
5329	None	The boy is not riding a tricycle	A woman is riding a watercraft
5330	None	A dog is lying on a trampoline	A dog is jumping on a trampoline
5331	None	A group of children in uniforms are standing at a gate and one is kissing their mother	A group of people are near the ocean.
5332	None	The man is setting up a camera and takes photographs of a sunset on a beach.	A man is taking pictures of a lake
5333	None	Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them	The boys are standing and burning a car
5334	None	A potato peel is falling on a woman	The man is slicing potatoes
5335	None	The man is carelessly spreading the butter on a slice of garlic bread	A man is removing butter from a slice of bread that is large.
5336	None	A man is eating a bowl of cereal.	A hungry man eats a bowl of cereal
5337	None	A man is singing to a woman	A man is talking on the phone.
5338	None	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch	A man is running away from a soccer ball
5339	None	A woman is collecting tap water in a mug	The jug is being filled with water by a boy
5340	None	The boss is carefully pouring oil into a frying pan	The boss is carefully drying the oil from the frying pan
5341	None	A horse is running	A horse is standing
5342	None	A woman is riding on a watercraft	A person is driving a jet ski in the waves.
5343	None	Woman is slowly adding sugar to meat	A woman is adding spices to some meat
5344	None	A man is sitting on the chair	A girl is combing the tail hair of a little pony
5345	None	A person is dancing	A man is dancing on the road.
5346	None	A girl is playing the piano	A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage
5347	None	The noisy man was not allowed to play the guitar	A man is playing the loud guitar
5348	None	The machine is not sharpening a pencil	A machine is sharpening a pencil
5349	None	A man is chopping a log with an ax	The man is not cutting a tree trunk with an ax
5350	None	A toy train is hitting a toy car	A toy train is without a toy car
5351	None	The boy is not playing the piano	The boy is playing the piano
5352	None	A man is walking in the rain.	A woman and a man are walking
5353	None	Someone is playing the guitar	Someone is playing the piano beautifully
5354	None	Runners are not participating in the race	Runners are competing in a race.
5355	None	A man is playing a piano	A man plays a piano at a concert.
5356	None	A woman is tapping her fingers	A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk.
5357	None	The man is slicing the potato	The man is not slicing the potato
5358	None	The person is riding a motorcycle on a sandy track	A biker is jumping over a person on a sandy track
5359	None	A man is opening a package containing headphones	A woman is riding a brown horse
5360	None	A man is passionately playing a guitar.	There&#39;s nobody singing and playing guitar
5361	None	A child is waking up	A girl is falling asleep
5362	None	A woman is boning a fish	A man is catching a fish
5363	None	A tiny group of people are waiting to eat in a restaurant.	A large group of Asian people are eating in a restaurant.
5364	None	Several swimmers are jumping in the water	Several swimmers are jumping out of the water
5365	None	Several swimmers are jumping in the water	Several jumpers are swimming in the water
5366	None	A person in a black blouse is doing tricks on a motorcycle	A person on a black motorcycle is doing tricks with a jacket.
5367	None	A man is riding a mechanical bull.	The man is not riding a mechanical bull
5368	None	A woman is poking an octopus	There&#39;s no woman poking an octopus
5369	None	There is no person wearing a hat and sitting on the grass	A man is sitting in a field
5370	None	A boy is walking across a bridge	A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge.
5371	None	A laughing child is holding a water gun and being splashed with water	There&#39;s no kid holding a water gun
5372	None	A little monkey is walking by the water	A monkey is wading through the swamp
5373	None	A biker is jumping over a person on a sandy track	The person is riding a motorcycle on a sandy track
5374	None	A man is outside and is throwing blades at a nearby target.	A man is inside the house and is throwing blades at a nearby target.
5375	None	The bride and groom are leaving after the wedding	A married couple is walking down the aisle
5376	None	A clown is singing and people are dancing	People are singing and a clown is dancing
5377	None	The man is practicing the guitar	The guitar is being played by a lady
5378	None	A man is shaking a drink	A man is mixing
5379	None	A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing	A person is sitting comfortably at a table.
5380	None	A woman is cooking prawns	A woman is combing her hair
5381	None	A woman is vigorously breaking two eggs in a bowl.	Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by one person.
5382	None	A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book.	A sitting woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
5383	None	There&#39;s nobody playing the guitar	Someone is playing the guitar
5384	None	A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass.	There are no dogs playing animatedly with water in the grass
5385	None	Orange dice are being thrown by a cook to earn the pepper	A cook is slicing some bell peppers
5386	None	A rhino, which is a cub, is walking through the corral with its mother.	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
5387	None	A group of Asian people are eating in a restaurant.	Several people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
5388	None	A man is spreading dough	A woman is slicing meat with a sharp knife
5389	None	A man is talking about a play.	A man is playing a violin
5390	None	The children are playing in front of a very large door.	A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door.
5391	None	A woman is boning a fish	A man is releasing a fish
5392	None	A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.	Two dogs of different breeds are looking angry at each other across the street.
5393	None	A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump	An old woman is standing near a dog with white coat.
5394	None	Two brown dogs are fighting for a red toy and are playing in the grass	Two brown dogs are playing a red ball and are playing in the grass
5395	None	The boy is sitting near the blue ocean	A boy is standing in the water
5396	None	A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.	Along two streets, different dog breeds are being watched.
5397	None	Some men in a competition are running in a covered area.	A man is leading the race
5398	None	Some water is being drunk by a cat	A drunk man is carefully watering a cat.
5399	None	A man is stroking an alligator in the mouth	A person is pouring chopped vegetables into a pan on the stove
5400	None	A girl is cutting butter in two pieces	Tofu is not being sliced by the woman
5401	None	A man is making a phone call	There&#39;s no man making a phone call
5402	None	The man and the boy are standing at the top of the stairs, which are outdoors.	An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy
5403	None	A person is singing and playing the guitar	The guitar player loves the man passionately
5404	None	A woman is undoing the stitches with a sewing machine	A woman is using a sewing machine.
5405	None	Life jackets are being worn by a group of people practicing water rescue	A group of friends are sailing the current in a dinghy
5406	None	The panda is eating bamboo	The panda is not eating bamboo
5407	None	The child is swimming by the blue ocean	A boy is wading by the blue ocean
5408	None	The milk is being drunk by a cat	A drunk man is milking a cat
5409	None	A cat is greedily drinking milk	The cat is licking milk from a saucer
5410	None	A woman is chopping an onion	A woman is brushing her hand
5411	None	There&#39;s no man playing the piano with his nose	The man is playing the piano with his nose
5412	None	The woman is drinking	A woman is mixing eggs
5413	None	A child is slipping in the snow	The child is motionless in the snow
5414	None	A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass.	The dog is not snapping a few drops of water
5415	None	The kitten is not playing with a toy	A kitten is playing with a toy.
5416	None	Broccoli is being stung by a woman	The woman is chopping garlic
5417	None	A child is throwing away an instrument	A child is playing an instrument
5418	None	A woman is putting on makeup	The girl is applying makeup on her face
5419	None	A group of boy scouts are walking through the grass	Some people are standing
5420	None	Someone is slicing a tomato	The person is not slicing a vegetable
5421	None	Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine.	Three men are jumping from a high wall
5422	None	Three men are practicing karate in a field	Three boys in karate uniform are fighting
5423	None	The puppy is playing with a plastic container	The dog is not playing with a plastic container
5424	None	A biker is riding a motorcycle dangerously down the highway	A red helmet biker is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
5425	None	The man is not stirring the oil	The man is stirring the oil
5426	None	A boy is hitting a man with a sword	A man is hitting a boy with a sword
5427	None	A child is playing a guitar	A boy is pushing the guitar away
5428	None	Man needs a shorthand machine to operate	The man is operating a shorthand machine
5429	None	A parrot is talking	There are no parrots talking
5430	None	A plane is taking off	A cartoon plane is landing
5431	None	Two people are riding a motorcycle	Two people are standing on a motorcycle
5432	None	The man is not playing the guitar intensely	A girl is playing the guitar
5433	None	A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.	A man is dying on the floor
5434	None	The man is silent and still	The man is singing and playing the guitar
5435	None	A woman is cutting an onion	A woman is quickly slicing an onion
5436	None	A woman is cutting some flowers.	A woman is cutting broccoli
5437	None	There&#39;s no horse throwing the cowboy in red and blue pants	A horse is flinging the cowboy wearing blue and red pants
5438	None	There&#39;s no boy playing a guitar	A boy is playing a guitar
5439	None	A woman is slicing a potato	There&#39;s no woman slicing a potato
5440	None	A dog is opening a can of food	A can is being bitten by a dog
5441	None	Four young men are running away and a car is standing behind them	Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
5442	None	Some people are walking	Some people are standing
5443	None	South African plane is flying in the blue sky	A plane flies fast through the air
5444	None	A guitar is being played by a man	A man is playing a flute
5445	None	A soccer player is kicking the ball into the goal	A soccer player is kicking a ball out of goal
5446	None	A man and a woman are not shaking hands	A man and a woman are shaking hands.
5447	None	There are no dogs fighting and hugging	A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants
5448	None	A man is playing a guitar	A man in a cap is playing the harp
5449	None	A man is playing the guitar	The man is singing and playing the guitar
5450	None	A monkey is riding a bicycle	A bicycle is being pedaled over a monkey
5451	None	A sitting woman is singing a song and playing the guitar	A woman is shaking on a blanket while lying on someone reading a book.
5452	None	A person is playing the keyboard	There&#39;s no man playing a keyboard
5453	None	A parrot is talking	The speaker likes parrots
5454	None	A boat is calmly sailing on the water.	A boat sail is being reflected by the peaceful water.
5455	None	No onions are being cut by a man	A man is slicing an onion
5456	None	A bicycle is being pedaled over a monkey	A monkey is riding a bicycle
5457	None	A person is doing exercises.	A man is doing exercises.
5458	None	A man is crying	A man is scared
5459	None	A woman is wearing a cape, which is too large, and hiding a fancy dress	A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman.
5460	None	The woman is measuring the other woman	The woman is measuring a man
5461	None	There&#39;s no boy playing a keyboard	A boy is playing a keyboard
5462	None	A woman is cutting a tomato	a man is cutting a potato
5463	None	The panda is not eating bamboo	The panda is eating bamboo
5464	None	Two women are fighting in a kickboxing match	Two people are fighting and the spectators are watching
5465	None	Several kids are jumping on a trampoline	Several boys are jumping on a trampoline
5466	None	Students are filling the classroom	The presentation is being attended by a class of students.
5467	None	The dog is snapping a few drops of water	A dog is playing excitedly with water in a field
5468	None	An old woman is shaking hands with a man	A young woman is shaking hands with a man
5469	None	A karate practitioner is kicking another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.	The man is practicing kickboxing with a coach
5470	None	Two dogs are fighting and hugging	A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the tall man in pants
5471	None	A man is getting off the bike	A man is riding a motorcycle
5472	None	The man is riding a motorcycle in a field that is virtually arid	A man in blue overalls is bravely riding a motorcycle
5473	None	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.	A funny crowd of people are making a skit of two men boxing
5474	None	The man is playing a guitar	A man is playing a brilliantly trumpet
5475	None	There&#39;s no man playing an electronic keyboard	A man is playing an electronic keyboard.
5476	None	This group of people are practicing water rescue and wearing life jackets.	No one is practicing water rescue and wearing life jackets
5477	None	The buttons of a microwave are being pressed by a man	A man is turning on the microwave
5478	None	A large group of Asian people are eating in a restaurant.	Several people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
5479	None	A blonde girl is looking at the waves	A blonde girl is riding waves
5480	None	Two kids are hanging on a large branch	Three people are standing beside a tree branch
5481	None	Three boys in karate uniform are fighting	Three boys in karate uniforms are fighting
5482	None	A lot of guys are on the coast	People are on a sandy beach near the ocean and are enjoying sunny day.
5483	None	A person pours oil on some tomatoes	The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
5484	None	The man and the woman are walking	A man and a woman are walking through the woods
5485	None	A monkey is brushing the dog	A bulldog is being brushed by the monkey
5486	None	A woman is slicing a pepper that is big	A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
5487	None	The person is practicing playing the guitar	The guitar is being played by a girl
5488	None	The man is not dancing	Three women are dancing
5489	None	A man is sitting in a field	There is no person wearing a hat and sitting on the grass
5490	None	The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes	There&#39;s no man pouring some oil on the tomatoes
5491	None	The windows are being cleaned by a man	The man is not driving a car
5492	None	A lot of people are on the coast	There&#39;s nobody on the coast
5493	None	A man is playing the guitar	A trumpet is being played by one person
5494	None	A boy is sitting comfortably in a room and playing the piano near a lamp	A boy is playing a keyboard
5495	None	Leaf-covered kids are playing with red shirts	Kids in red shirts are playing in the leaves
5496	None	A man is slicing the carrot with a machine	A rope is being climbed by a man
5497	None	A man is climbing a rope	There&#39;s no climbing panda
5498	None	Some water is being drunk by a cat	Some water is being drunk casually by a cat.
5499	None	A squirrel is running in circles.	The squirrel is not running in circles
5500	None	The woman is throwing onions outside	The woman is dicing onions
5501	None	A man is dancing	A man is praying
5502	None	There&#39;s no woman chopping an onion	The woman is dicing onions
5503	None	There is no man driving a car	A man is riding a horse
5504	None	A man is passionately playing a guitar.	The guitar player loves the man passionately
5505	None	The person is writing with a pencil	The person is not writing with a pencil
5506	None	Someone is putting the guitar over there	A man is playing a guitar
5507	None	Five kids are standing together and one child has a pistol	Five kids are standing in front of a log cabin
5508	None	A woman is holding a flute.	A woman is playing a flute
5509	None	A woman is taking off a very large cloak and revealing a fancy dress	A dress that is black, red, white and pink is being worn by a woman
5510	None	Two men with bikes stand on the side of a snowy road	Two men are holding bikes and standing beside a snow covered road
5511	None	A man is being pushed toward the buttons of a microwave	A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
5512	None	A girl is combing her hair	A boy is combing his hair
5513	None	A group of people are on a beach	A man, a woman and two girls are sitting on the beach.
5514	None	A man is playing a guitar	There&#39;s no man singing and playing guitar
5515	None	A woman is catching and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms.	The woman is not catching and holding a kangaroo baby
5516	None	Two men are fighting in a corral	Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
5517	None	A lady is cutting meat into pieces	The woman is eating some pieces of raw meat
5518	None	A wooden flute is played by a man	A man is playing the piano
5519	None	A woman is slicing a green pepper	There&#39;s no woman slicing a green pepper
5520	None	There&#39;s no man wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike	A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike
5521	None	A man is talking	A man is spitting on the floor
5522	None	Three asian kids are dancing and one man is looking	The children of the family are playing and waiting
5523	None	A person in gloves is kicking a monkey&#39;s hand	The monkey is practicing martial arts
5524	None	A can is being bitten by a dog	A dog is opening a can of food
5525	None	A panda is climbing	A man is carefully climbing a rope.
5526	None	A girl is combing her hair	There&#39;s no girl brushing your hair
5527	None	A man is speaking on a stage.	A man is talking about the stage.
5528	None	There&#39;s no man playing the guitar	A man is playing a guitar
5529	None	A woman is adding spices to some meat	There&#39;s no woman adding spices to some meat
5530	None	Two men are playing ping pong	A small group of women are holding each other and dancing together.
5531	None	A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and rubbing with a brush	A woman is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
5532	None	The man is putting aside the camera and walking away from the beach.	A man is taking pictures of a lake
5533	None	A man is dropping the guitar	The man is singing and playing the guitar
5534	None	The man is not spreading butter on bread	A man is spreading butter on a large loaf of bread
5535	None	A young woman is shaking hands with a man	An old woman is shaking hands with a man
5536	None	A man is holding an acoustic guitar.	The woman is playing an electric guitar
5537	None	The man is driving a car carefully	The windows are being cleaned by a man
5538	None	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan	There&#39;s no man pouring oil into a frying pan
5539	None	Snowboarder jumps in the air	A jumping practitioner is throwing a person&#39;s snowboard through the air.
5540	None	A man is riding a motorcycle	A man is riding a horse
5541	None	Two people in a race are turning the tires of a tractor	Two men are competing in a tire race
5542	None	Two large park benches have one person sitting and have a soda bottle between them	A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench.
5543	None	A woman on a rock is standing and looking around	A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and is reading a book.
5544	None	Some people are walking	A group of explorers are walking through the grass.
5545	None	South African plane is not flying in a blue sky	South African plane is flying in the blue sky
5546	None	A boy is running away from a fishing line	There&#39;s no boy holding a fishing rod and running in front of a fish
5547	None	A motocross rider is giving a motorcycle to a person at an event.	A person is riding a motorbike at a motocross-related event.
5548	None	A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike	A biker is wearing a gear that is black
5549	None	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water	A dog that has brown and white fur is trotting in the shallows
5550	None	The man is playing the flute	The man is playing a guitar
5551	None	A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it	There&#39;s no woman preparing an egg in a sautese
5552	None	A red helmet biker is riding a blue motorcycle down the road	A biker is riding a motorcycle dangerously down the highway
5553	None	A wee boy is playing with a dog	There&#39;s no baby playing with a dog
5554	None	A man in blue overalls is bravely riding a motorcycle	The man is riding a motorcycle in a field that is virtually arid
5555	None	No one is on a motorcycle and is standing in the seat	A biker is standing on the seat of a white motorcycle
5556	None	The girl in the red shirt is blowing a bubble	Young woman in red dyed shirt is blowing a bubble that is giant
5557	None	A small dog is slowing down and the owner is no longer chasing him	A small dog is running and its owner is trying to catch it.
5558	None	The woman is not wearing glasses or a cap	The woman is wearing glasses and a black cap
5559	None	Some women are dancing.	The man is dancing
5560	None	Children are playing in front of a large door.	A wooden ball is being thrown through the door in front of a large group of boys.
5561	None	A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave	There is no man pushing the buttons on a microwave
5562	None	The lady is not breaking eggs in the bowl	The lady is breaking raw eggs in the bowl
5563	None	A bulldog is brushing the monkey	A monkey is brushing the dog
5564	None	A man is slicing a tomato	A woman is holding a carrot.
5565	None	There&#39;s no squirrel spinning in circles	A squirrel is running in circles.
5566	None	The driver&#39;s car is parked by a man	The windows are being cleaned by a man
5567	None	Someone is falling off a horse	The man is abruptly knocked off a horse
5568	None	A man and a woman are walking through the woods	The man and the woman are walking
5569	None	The woman is dicing onions	The woman is throwing onions outside
5570	None	The turtle is following the fish	The fish is following the turtle
5571	None	A person is mixing the ingredients in the mixer for the man.	A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
5572	None	A man is playing a flute	A man is playing an electronic keyboard.
5573	None	The woman is eating	The woman is drinking
5574	None	The girl is applying makeup on her face	A woman is putting on makeup
5575	None	Some men in a competition are running outdoors.	A man is leading the race
5576	None	There are no children holding a water gun or being sprayed with water	A child is holding a water gun
5577	None	A woman with a ponytail is going down a stone wall	A man with climbing gear is hanging on a vertical white rock
5578	None	There are no dogs running happily in the grass	A black and a white dog are running happily in the grass.
5579	None	No one is playing ping pong	Two people are playing ping pong
5580	None	A dog that has a brown and white coat is sitting in the shallows	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water
5581	None	A woman is chopping a red onion	A woman is brushing her feet
5582	None	The woman is eating	The hungry woman is eating
5583	None	Some liquid is being poured into a frying pan by a man.	The boss is carefully pouring oil into a frying pan
5584	None	The piano is not being played by anyone	The piano is being played by someone
5585	None	The woman is frying a breaded pork chop	The woman is not frying a breaded pork chop
5586	None	A man is jumping from a low wall	A man is jumping on a low wall
5587	None	A group of people in a large Asian restaurant are eating.	Several people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
5588	None	A man is riding a horse	There is no man driving a car
5589	None	A person is performing a card trick	There&#39;s no man frying a tortilla
5590	None	A girl is brushing her hair	There&#39;s no girl brushing your hair
5591	None	A black and a white dog are running happily in the grass.	A white dog and a black dog are running side by side on the green grass.
5592	None	A man doing a pose is being watched by another man	A man in a dyed purple shirt is looking at the man in the black shirt who is making a funny face
5593	None	The kitten is not eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl.	The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl.
5594	None	There&#39;s no woman adding spices to some meat	A woman is adding spices to some meat
5595	None	The woman is throwing onions outside	A woman is cutting an onion
5596	None	A person is wrapping a zucchini	A person is rubbing a zucchini
5597	None	People are walking inside a building that has many murals	Several people stand in front of a colorful building
5598	None	A herd of deer is crossing the street.	Reindeer herd is not crossing a road
5599	None	Pink bell-bottom pants and pink scarf are not being worn by women with silver pants or people riding bikes	A woman wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle across a pedestrian bridge
5600	None	A woman is receiving volleyballs	One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
5601	None	No one is in the snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage	Two people are walking two dogs with golden fur in the snow
5602	None	A man and a woman are walking through the wooded area.	A man and a woman are walking through a wasteland
5603	None	A man is standing on the roof top and is playing a violin	A person is dancing on the roof.
5604	None	A man is riding a motorcycle	There&#39;s no man riding a motorcycle around town
5605	None	Two teams are competing in a soccer match	A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands
5606	None	A child is practicing with an instrument.	A young boy is playing a wind instrument
5607	None	A blonde girl is riding waves	A boy is surfing and riding a wave
5608	None	A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave	A man is turning on the microwave
5609	None	Three teen girls are dancing in the room	Some teens are dancing for the camera.
5610	None	A man is not pouring oil on tomatoes	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes
5611	None	Runners are competing around the track	Runners are not running around a track
5612	None	The black and white dog is not running and there is no person standing behind	The black and white dog is running and a person is after him
5613	None	There&#39;s no man sprinkling spice on many buttered slices of bread.	A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
5614	None	A toy train is hitting a toy car	There&#39;s no toy train crashing into a toy car
5615	None	One dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth	Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths
5616	None	Two men are playing foosball	A small group of women are holding each other and dancing together.
5617	None	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over an obstacle.	Some horses are resting on the green grass.
5618	None	A cowgirl is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel	The brown horse is very close to a red barrel at the rodeo.
5619	None	A family is watching a boy hitting a baseball	A family is watching a small boy who is hitting a baseball
5620	None	A boat is calmly sailing on the water.	A boat is moored
5621	None	A man is pouring oil into a frying pan.	A man is pouring oil into a sautese
5622	None	A girl is wearing a pink shirt that has white writing and is lying on the grass	The young girl in pink shirt is not lying quietly on the grass
5623	None	The man is playing a guitar	The man is not playing the guitar
5624	None	The woman is not chopping garlic	The woman is chopping garlic
5625	None	The men are talking	Some women are not talking
5626	None	A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands	Two teams are competing in a soccer match
5627	None	A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine tree, is biting a bucket.	A dog that is furry and black is in the yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
5628	None	No one is practicing water rescue and wearing life jackets	A group of friends are sailing the current in a dinghy
5629	None	The woman is not cooking anything	The woman is cooking something
5630	None	A crowd near people is kissing two by two	A woman is being kissed by a man
5631	None	A man is sitting comfortably at the table.	A laughing man is dyeing a black shirt at a table you can&#39;t sit on
5632	None	Someone on a perch is looking at a little wooden cat standing in a white closet outside the window.	A white cat perched on a tiny wooden closet is looking out the window.
5633	None	A cook is slicing some bell peppers	Orange dice are being thrown by a cook to earn the pepper
5634	None	A man and a woman are walking pleasantly.	A man is walking in the rain.
5635	None	A woman is wakeboarding in a lake	A woman is watching the lake
5636	None	No one is cutting a chili into pieces	A person is cutting chili into pieces
5637	None	A lemur is eating	The animal with big eyes is eating
5638	None	A woman is holding the dog	A woman is walking the dog on the street
5639	None	Many people are in an ice skating park	An outdoor ice skating rink is empty
5640	None	This fish is swimming	Some fish are swimming.
5641	None	The woman is not dicing garlic	A woman is chopping garlic
5642	None	Men are sawing	Men are sawing logs
5643	None	A man is pointing at a car.	A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall.
5644	None	Someone is strumming the guitar	A man is playing a guitar
5645	None	A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing	A man is not sitting comfortably at the table.
5646	None	A man is carrying a plant.	A man is picking a tree
5647	None	A person is rubbing a zucchini	There&#39;s no woman rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
5648	None	The dog is biting a few drops of water	A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass.
5649	None	A cat is playing a piano	A man is playing two keyboards.
5650	None	There&#39;s no woman cleaning the shrimp	A woman is cleaning a shrimp
5651	None	A cat is playing keyboards	A cat is sitting on a piano
5652	None	A person is pouring chopped vegetables into a pan on the stove	There&#39;s no man slapping an alligator&#39;s mouth
5653	None	The elephant is being ridden by the woman	The elephant is being led over a woman
5654	None	A small girl is leaving the stage	A girl is playing the piano
5655	None	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing tools	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing rods
5656	None	A boy is hitting a man with a plastic sword	There&#39;s no man being hit
5657	None	A woman is cutting a tomato	A woman is taking a can
5658	None	A man is sitting in the woods	The man is climbing in the woods
5659	None	A man is going down a cliff using a rope.	A man is climbing a cliff with a rope.
5660	None	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing rods	Two men are holding fishing rods and fishing tackle
5661	None	A man is carrying a plant.	A man is carrying a tree.
5662	None	A horse is standing	A woman is cutting an onion
5663	None	A small girl is playing a grand piano on stage	There&#39;s no girl playing the piano
5664	None	A person is putting meat in a sautese	A person is carelessly putting meat in a sautese
5665	None	Several children are sitting and raising their knees	Many children are standing
5666	None	The woman is cooking something carefully	A woman is cooking eggs
5667	None	A woman is slicing a clove of garlic	A woman is slicing a pepper that is big
5668	None	The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer	The lady is carefully slicing the meat
5669	None	There&#39;s no man slicing onion	An onion is being cut by a man
5670	None	The woman is cooking something	There&#39;s no woman cooking eggs
5671	None	There are no black, red and pink dresses being worn by a woman	A woman is taking off a very large cloak and revealing a fancy dress
5672	None	Some kids are jumping on a trampoline.	Two boys are playing on a trampoline
5673	None	There&#39;s no spitting man	A man is spitting
5674	None	A skilled man is playing guitar on stage	One person has flowing blond hair and is playing guitar
5675	None	There is no person buttery tray	A person is anointing a baking sheet
5676	None	There&#39;s no man standing near the water and holding fishing rods	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing rods
5677	None	The lady is adding cheese to the sauce	A man is pouring a pan of cheese sauce into a grated plate
5678	None	A man is playing a guitar	A man is dropping the guitar
5679	None	A horse is riding on a man	The man is riding a horse
5680	None	A woman is grating carrots	A woman is holding carrots.
5681	None	Someone is cutting a tomato	There&#39;s nobody cutting a tomato
5682	None	There&#39;s no man eating pizza	A man is eating a pizza
5683	None	Two people are walking two dogs with golden fur in the snow	Two people are in the snow holding two dogs with golden fur
5684	None	The man is climbing in the woods	The man is not walking in the forest
5685	None	Two little kids are eating curled up in a cart that is very tiny	Two young children are playing with a man eating curled up
5686	None	A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.	No dogs of different breeds looking at each other across the street
5687	None	No one is slicing a loaf of bread	A person is slicing a loaf of bread
5688	None	There&#39;s no woman dipping a shrimp in the batter	A woman is dipping a shrimp in the batter
5689	None	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water	A dog that has white and brown fur is trotting in the shallows
5690	None	There are no teams playing field soccer	Two teams are playing field soccer
5691	None	The doctor is helping the patient	The doctor is not helping the patient
5692	None	A person is peeling an onion	The person is not slicing onions
5693	None	The man is dancing	The woman is dancing
5694	None	A pedestrian is building pink bicycles for bicycle riders	A woman wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle across a pedestrian bridge
5695	None	The little cat is playing with a toy	A kitten is playing with a blue toy rope
5696	None	A woman is releasing a kangaroo baby from her arms.	The woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby
5697	None	A white cat perched on a tiny wooden closet is looking out the window.	Someone on a perch is looking at a little wooden cat standing in a white closet outside the window.
5698	None	A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard.	A woman is standing and a man is sitting idly
5699	None	There&#39;s no woman peeling a potato	A woman is peeling a potato
5700	None	A runner is surrounding a squirrel	A squirrel is running in circles.
5701	None	A woman is playing the flute	A girl is making a flute that should not be played
5702	None	There&#39;s no woman poking an octopus	A woman is poking an octopus
5703	None	An afraid little boy is on a climbing wall.	A climber on the wall is tied with an artificially constructed rope to the boy climbing
5704	None	A tiger is walking aimlessly	A tiger is walking around the cage.
5705	None	The air is playing a trick on a performance cyclist	The cyclist is performing a trick in the air.
5706	None	There are no cyclists jumping in the air	A man is jumping in an empty pool
5707	None	A man is frying a tortilla	No one is performing a card trick
5708	None	A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for disabled people.	A boy in a red shirt stands behind a long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing the camera.
5709	None	A puppy is barking	A plane is flying
5710	None	A person is strongly stirring eggs in a bowl	A woman is beating the man who is keeping two eggs in a bowl using a metal whisk
5711	None	A woman is emptying the water from a mug	A boy is filling a jug with water
5712	None	The man is carelessly spreading the butter on a slice of garlic bread	A man is spreading butter on a large loaf of bread
5713	None	A group of people are dancing.	There are no groups of people dancing
5714	None	A child is running in and out of the ocean waves	A child is facing the ocean waves
5715	None	A child is holding a water gun	There&#39;s no kid holding a water gun
5716	None	A man is playing the loud guitar	The noisy man was not allowed to play the guitar
5717	None	Two people are playing ping pong	Some animals are playing in the water.
5718	None	The deer is jumping over the fence	The deer is not jumping over the fence
5719	None	The lady is breaking an egg for the mixer	The lady is slicing the meat
5720	None	Three kids are jumping on the leaves	Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves
5721	None	The cat is playing with a device	The boy is playing in the mud
5722	None	Four girls are bridging and playing outdoors	Four girls are making bridges and playing in a covered area
5723	None	A woman is not playing an electric guitar	The woman is playing an electric guitar
5724	None	A biker is wearing a gear that is black	A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike
5725	None	One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman	A woman is pulling volleyballs over a net
5726	None	The man is not playing the flute	The man is playing the flute
5727	None	A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan	A cat is trapped in a moving ceiling fan
5728	None	There&#39;s no body painting lady walking in front of a crowd	A young topless woman is covered in paint.
5729	None	A man is singing and playing the guitar	A man is opening a tiny package containing headphones
5730	None	A man is playing a guitar	A man plays a piano at a concert.
5731	None	A cowgirl is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel	A cowboy is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel
5732	None	Two people are in the snow holding two dogs with golden fur	Two people are in the snow wearing camouflage clothing
5733	None	A biker is wearing a gear that is black	A black helmet is being worn by a man pushing a bike
5734	None	The woman is wearing glasses and a black cap	An Egyptian is wearing a woman&#39;s den
5735	None	The dog is playing with a plastic container	The dog is not playing with a plastic container
5736	None	A person is quickly mincing mushrooms with a knife	There&#39;s no man chopping some mushrooms quickly with a knife
5737	None	The panda bear is not lying on the logs	A cute panda is lying down
5738	None	A woman is pulling volleyballs over a net	A woman is throwing volleyballs over a net
5739	None	A white and brown dog is struggling anxiously through the water	A dog that has brown and white fur is trotting in the shallows
5740	None	A man is sitting on the floor in a room and is strumming a guitar	There&#39;s no man sitting on the floor playing the guitar
5741	None	Someone is sitting at the waterfall and is looking at a woman	A woman is sitting and looking at a waterfall
5742	None	The woman is not walking the dog	A woman is walking the dog on the street
5743	None	The man is slicing the potato	The man is cooking potato wedges
5744	None	A magician is cutting a girl into two pieces like butter	A girl is cutting butter in two pieces
5745	None	A man is being stopped on a rope bridge	A boy is walking across a bridge
5746	None	The woman is playing an electric guitar	A woman is not playing an electric guitar
5747	None	A group of people are silent	Some people are singing
5748	None	A deer is jumping over a fence	A deer is jumping over the enclosure
5749	None	There&#39;s no baby playing with a dog	A wee boy is playing with a dog
5750	None	A classroom is full of students	Students are filling the classroom
5751	None	Two people in a race are turning the tires of a tractor	Two men are competing in a tire competition
5752	None	A black man in green is riding a bicycle	A man is performing a trick on a green bike
5753	None	A man is chopping a tree with an ax	A person is planting a tree.
5754	None	There is no mime acting	The men are performing on stage.
5755	None	A drunk man is milking a cat	A kitten is drinking fresh milk.
5756	None	Some boys are in front of people dancing	The boys are dancing in front of some people
5757	None	A woman is riding a watercraft	The boy is riding on a tricycle
5758	None	The woman is casting shadow	A woman is removing cosmetics from her eyelid.
5759	None	There&#39;s no woman caressing a lemur	A woman is caressing a lemur
5760	None	A boy is happily playing a piano	A piano is being played by a man
5761	None	There&#39;s no man playing the drums	A man is playing the drums
5762	None	A man is playing a guitar	A woman is playing an electric guitar
5763	None	A woman is poking an octopus	The woman is cutting cooked octopus
5764	None	There&#39;s no white cat perched in a tiny wooden closet looking out the window	A white cat perched on a tiny wooden closet is looking out the window.
5765	None	A cat is playing a keyboard	A man is playing two keyboards.
5766	None	A boy is running away from a fishing line	A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish
5767	None	Two people are kissing near a crowd	There&#39;s no woman being kissed by a man
5768	None	Two dogs of different breeds are looking across the street.	Along two streets, different dog breeds are being watched.
5769	None	Two men are not holding fishing rods	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing rods
5770	None	Some animals are playing in the water.	Some animals are out of the water.
5771	None	There&#39;s no man pointing at a car	A man is pointing to a silver sedan
5772	None	Two kids are lying in the snow and are making snow angels	Two people wearing snow clothes are on the ground making snow angels
5773	None	Five kids are standing in front of a wooden cabin	Five kids are standing together and one child has a pistol
5774	None	A man is screaming	There&#39;s no man shouting
5775	None	The young boy is running by the waves of the ocean	A boy is waving from the ocean to some young runners
5776	None	A man is tying a shoe	There&#39;s no man tying a shoe
5777	None	A machine is sharpening a pencil	The machine is not sharpening a pencil
5778	None	A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a muddy puddle	A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and is playing in a mud puddle
5779	None	A man is opening a package that does not contain headphones.	A man is opening a package containing headphones
5780	None	Two people are in the snow without wearing camouflage clothing	Two people are walking two dogs with golden fur in the snow
5781	None	A man is praying	A man is performing a dance
5782	None	Some swimmers are competing in a lake	Several swimmers are jumping in the water
5783	None	Two young children are eating rolls	Two small children are eating in a very tiny cart full of curls
5784	None	Jockeys are running horses in the field, which is completely green	Some horses are resting on the green grass.
5785	None	The children of the family are playing and waiting	Three asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking
5786	None	The elephant is being led over a woman	The elephant is being ridden by the woman
5787	None	The woman is removing makeup	A woman is casting a shadow
5788	None	A child is playing an instrument	A child is practicing with an instrument.
5789	None	Football player is not kicking the ball between someone&#39;s legs	The soccer player is kicking the ball between someone&#39;s legs
5790	None	A person wearing cycling clothes is standing firmly in front of the mountains.	A group of people are equipped with safety equipment.
5791	None	A man is gathering dough	A man is spreading dough
5792	None	A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.	There is no person cutting some mushrooms
5793	None	The woman is slicing an onion	The woman is not slicing onions
5794	None	Someone is slicing a tomato	The person is quickly slicing a vegetable
5795	None	The woman is playing an electric guitar	A man is holding an acoustic guitar.
5796	None	The woman with the knife is not slicing a pepper	The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
5797	None	A chimpanzee is aggressively kicking the target	The woman is pouring oil in a sautese
5798	None	One dog is jumping high in the air and another is watching	Two dogs are sleeping near a tree
5799	None	Two dogs are fighting and hugging	A brown dog is helping another animal in front of the pants man
5800	None	A lion is tiredly walking anxiously in a cage.	A lion is slowly moving
5801	None	A big green ball is hitting a potato	A big potato is hitting a green ball
5802	None	The man is playing the piano with his nose	There&#39;s no man playing the piano with his nose
5803	None	Two kids are lying in the snow and are making snow angels	No one in snow clothes is lying in the snow and making snow angels
5804	None	No one is playing on a trampoline	Some kids are jumping on a trampoline.
5805	None	Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine.	Three young men are running, jumping and kicking furiously near a vending machine.
5806	None	A woman is peeling a potato	A potato peel is falling on a woman
5807	None	A player is throwing the ball	A player is running with the ball
5808	None	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work on the blackboard	Woman is erasing the drawing on the board
5809	None	The man is not playing a flute	The man is playing a flute
5810	None	A man is slicing a tomato	A woman is slicing a carrot
5811	None	A woman is slicing a potato	Carrot is being sliced by a woman
5812	None	A man is playing a wooden flute	There&#39;s no man playing the piano
5813	None	There&#39;s no woman slicing a tomato	A woman is peeling a potato
5814	None	A cat is trapped in a moving ceiling fan	A cat is swinging on a fan
5815	None	A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump	A woman and a dog are standing near a tree stump
5816	None	There&#39;s no man talking on stage	A man is speaking on a stage.
5817	None	A woman is using an eyeliner and applying eyeliner on her eyelid.	A woman is carefully applying cosmetics on her eyelid.
5818	None	The man is lifting dumbbells	The man is not lifting weights
5819	None	Someone is feeding an animal	The piano is not being played by anyone
5820	None	There&#39;s no girl with a black bag on a crowded train	An asian woman in the crowd is carrying a black bag
5821	None	A blonde girl is riding waves	A blonde girl waves while passing
5822	None	A man is slicing a tomato	There&#39;s no man slicing a bread
5823	None	The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer	The lady is not cutting the meat
5824	None	The turtle is following the fish	The turtle is not following the fish
5825	None	A man is losing the soccer ball	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch
5826	None	Two people are playing ping pong	Some animals are playing wildly in the water
5827	None	A man is catching a fish	A woman is releasing a fish
5828	None	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water	A brown and white coat is floating in the shallows next to a trotting dog.
5829	None	The person is dicing a pepper that is orange	Some bells are ringing near a cook slicing peppers
5830	None	A woman is not boiling shrimps	A woman is boiling shrimps
5831	None	There&#39;s no badger digging the earth shrewdly	A badger is cunningly digging the earth
5832	None	A dog, which is brown, and one that is black, are running in the grass.	The backyard light is playing tricks in the dark on the brown and black dog
5833	None	An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture	A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture
5834	None	A man in blue overalls is bravely riding a motorcycle	A brave artist is riding a motorcycle over a man in blue overalls
5835	None	There&#39;s no young boy playing a wind instrument	A child is playing an instrument
5836	None	There&#39;s no man holding a frog	The woman is thumbing a frog
5837	None	A person is strongly stirring eggs in a bowl	A strong person is leaving the whisk in the bowl near the eggs
5838	None	There are no men giving mortals on a trampoline	Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
5839	None	A small dog is running and its owner is trying to catch it.	The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person is standing behind him
5840	None	Two young children are fasting	Two little kids are eating curled up in a cart that is very tiny
5841	None	A soccer player is playing the piano	A man is playing the flute
5842	None	There are no dogs rolling around	A puppy is rolling back and forth repeatedly
5843	None	A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running through the grass.	A dog, which is large and gray, is dropping a ball from its mouth and stopping in the grass
5844	None	An individual is beating an egg	The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl
5845	None	A sea turtle is looking for fish	The turtle is following the red fish
5846	None	The lady is carefully slicing the meat	The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
5847	None	A person is not playing the keyboard	A person is playing the keyboard
5848	None	A man is talking	A man is laughing
5849	None	A man is exercising	The girl is exercising
5850	None	Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths	There&#39;s no dog chasing another or holding a stick in its mouth
5851	None	The cat is playing with a watermelon	The cat is not playing with a watermelon
5852	None	A woman is cutting vegetables	A woman is cutting some flowers.
5853	None	A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open	An Asian girl in front of a brick window looks surprised
5854	None	Young boy is climbing the stone wall	A young climber is making a climbing wall for the boys.
5855	None	Football is being played by two competing teams	A player is running with the ball
5856	None	A tiger is walking around the cage.	A tiger is walking aimlessly
5857	None	A woman is beating the man who is keeping two eggs in a bowl using a metal whisk	A person is strongly stirring eggs in a bowl
5858	None	A boat is calmly sailing on the water.	The man is a guitar player
5859	None	A person is dancing on the roof.	A man is standing on the roof top and is playing a violin
5860	None	There are no children lying in the snow and making snow angels	Two people in snow clothes are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
5861	None	There&#39;s no man eating any food	The man is eating
5862	None	A woman is combing her hair	A woman is boiling shrimps
5863	None	A man is slicing the carrot with a machine	A man is eating a carrot sliced by a machine
5864	None	There&#39;s no man sitting on the floor playing the guitar	A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
5865	None	The man is playing the piano	A guy is playing excitedly with a sock ball
5866	None	The panda bear is resting on the logs	A cute panda is lying down
5867	None	The woman is not slicing onions	The woman is slicing an onion
5868	None	A small girl is looking at a fantasy woman	People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction.
5869	None	The boys are standing and burning a car	Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
5870	None	A baby is playing with a dog	A wee boy is playing with a dog
5871	None	A man is playing the keyboard	A man is playing the keyboard in a park
5872	None	The ball is being buried by a man in a team shirt at a basketball game.	The player is burying the basketball and a crowd is in the background
5873	None	There&#39;s no kid holding a water gun	A laughing child is holding a water gun and being splashed with water
5874	None	A woman is caressing a lemur	There&#39;s no woman caressing a lemur
5875	None	The man is erasing the drawing on the board	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work from the panel.
5876	None	A newspaper is presenting a woman with big hands holding sunglasses and wearing a coat	An old woman is wearing a shirt with rose patterns and is clumsily carrying two newspapers.
5877	None	A woman is talking on a telephone	Two boys are not talking on the phone
5878	None	A man is breaking tiles with his hands.	A man is breaking planks made of wood with his hands.
5879	None	A woman is peeling a potato	A woman is holding a potato.
5880	None	The man is playing a guitar	A man is playing a flute
5881	None	One dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth	A dog is chasing a stick and holding another dog in its mouth
5882	None	Meat is being sewn by a woman	Meat is being minced to pieces by a woman
5883	None	The young girl in pink shirt is not lying quietly on the grass	A girl is wearing a pink shirt that has white writing and is lying on the grass
5884	None	A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall.	A man is pointing to a silver sedan
5885	None	The woman is doing water skiing	A woman is wakeboarding at the lake
5886	None	A cat is playing a keyboard	There&#39;s no man playing two keyboards
5887	None	A boy is playing a piano	There&#39;s no boy playing a piano
5888	None	A man is taking pictures of a lake	The man is setting up a camera and takes photographs of a sunset on a beach.
5889	None	A woman is mixing the contents of a bowl.	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch
5890	None	The woman is not dancing	A woman is dancing in a cage.
5891	None	Five kids are standing together and one child has a gun	Five kids are standing in front of a log cabin
5892	None	A child is playing an instrument	A young boy is playing a wind instrument
5893	None	A person is tearing paper	There&#39;s no man cutting a paper
5894	None	The cyclist is performing a trick in the air.	The air is playing a trick on a performance cyclist
5895	None	A woman is using a sewing machine.	A woman is undoing the stitches with a sewing machine
5896	None	A woman is cutting broccoli	A woman is cutting some flowers.
5897	None	There&#39;s no woman slicing a green pepper	A woman is slicing a green pepper
5898	None	The food in the trays is being eaten by the puppies	A man is eating near the puppies
5899	None	The man is eating	There&#39;s no man eating any food
5900	None	A little child is drinking water from the cup.	A little child is filling a cup with water
5901	None	A man is slicing a bread	There&#39;s no man slicing a tomato
5902	None	A cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence	Bikers are surrounding on a metallic bicycle of a boy.
5903	None	A flute is being held by a girl	A woman is playing the flute
5904	None	A woman is squeezing juice from a lemon.	There&#39;s no woman squeezing the juice of a lemon
5905	None	A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and is reading a book.	A woman on a rock is standing and looking around
5906	None	The boys are dancing in front of some people	Two men are doing a very funny sketch with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
5907	None	Two men with bikes stand on the side of a snowy road	Two men are walking on a snowy road.
5908	None	There are no small children playing soccer and falling on the grass	The soccer ball is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
5909	None	Several jumpers are swimming in the water	Several swimmers are jumping in the water
5910	None	A snake is being fed by a mouse by a man.	The man is carefully feeding the snake with a mouse
5911	None	A cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence	A cyclist is pedaling away from a fence.
5912	None	Mimes are performing on a stage	The men are performing on stage.
5913	None	A person is stroking a cat&#39;s fur	A person is brushing a cat
5914	None	Two men with bikes stand on the side of a snowy road	Two men are taking a break from the trip on a snowy road.
5915	None	The man is setting up the camera and taking pictures of the sunset at the beach	A man is tearing pictures of a lake
5916	None	Kids in red shirts are playing in the leaves	Leaf-covered kids are playing with red shirts
5917	None	The man is walking along a track by nature	A man is walking down the road
5918	None	There&#39;s nobody playing the guitar	Someone is playing a piano
5919	None	The brown horse is very close to a red barrel at the rodeo.	A cowgirl is riding a horse and surrounding a barrel
5920	None	Four kids are bridging the park	Four girls are bridging and playing in the garden
5921	None	The man is thinking	A man is dancing
5922	None	The woman is not pouring oil into the frying pan	Woman is pouring oil into the frying pan
5923	None	A horse is flinging the cowboy wearing blue and red pants	There&#39;s no horse throwing the cowboy in red and blue pants
5924	None	A man dressed in black is riding a bicycle	A black man in green is riding a bicycle
5925	None	No one is feeding an animal	Someone is feeding an animal
5926	None	A person is chopping an onion	There&#39;s no person slicing a carrot into pieces
5927	None	No one in snow clothes is lying in the snow and making snow angels	Two kids are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
5928	None	A fish is swimming	Some fish are swimming fast
5929	None	A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.	The woman is not stirring meat in a bowl
5930	None	A girl is waking up	There are no children waking up
5931	None	There&#39;s nobody on the coast	A lot of people are on the coast
5932	None	A man is washing a large piece of meat.	A person is raising a steak with water
5933	None	The man is riding a horse	The girl is spraying the plants with water
5934	None	A person is cutting chili into pieces	No one is cutting a chili into pieces
5935	None	The girl is not using an eyeliner on her eyelid	The woman is casting shadow
5936	None	A woman is slicing an onion	The woman is not cutting a carrot
5937	None	A person who is snowboarding is jumping in the air.	Snowboarder is jumping over from white snow.
5938	None	Some animals are playing in the water.	Two people are playing ping pong
5939	None	A woman is cleaning a shrimp	There&#39;s no woman cleaning the shrimp
5940	None	A man is riding a horse	A man is riding a motorcycle
5941	None	A man is climbing upwards on a rope.	A man is being tied before climbing
5942	None	Basketball game consists of a ball being buried by a man in a team shirt	The player is burying the basketball and a crowd is in the background
5943	None	The dog is having fun with a toy	A dog is eating a doll
5944	None	The man is not playing a guitar	A man is playing a trumpet
5945	None	The person who is playing field soccer is kicking the ball between someone&#39;s legs	A person is kicking a soccer ball between the feet
5946	None	The person is not practicing the guitar	The guitar is being played by a lady
5947	None	A woman is dancing on a stage.	A woman is not performing a dance
5948	None	There&#39;s no person slicing a carrot into pieces	A person is chopping an onion
5949	None	The man is being knocked off the horse	The man is not being knocked off a horse
5950	None	A man with climbing equipment is hanging on a rock, which is vertical and white.	A woman with a ponytail is climbing a stone wall
5951	None	There is no man driving a car	A man is driving a car.
5952	None	A woman is slicing a potato	There&#39;s no woman slicing a carrot
5953	None	A man is holding the guitar.	A man is playing the guitar
5954	None	A truck is speeding down a hill	No water being drunk by a cat
5955	None	The man is singing and playing the guitar	A man is dropping the guitar
5956	None	A woman is pruning some plants	A woman is cutting some flowers.
5957	None	The boy is playing the piano	The woman is not pouring oil into the frying pan
5958	None	Few men like to dump tomato oil	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes
5959	None	There&#39;s no clown singing	A clown is singing and people are dancing
5960	None	A man is fixing a shorthand machine	The man is operating a shorthand machine
5961	None	A woman is cutting some flowers.	A woman is cutting vegetables
5962	None	The woman is not slicing herbs	The man is slicing bread
5963	None	The man is riding a horse near a stream	The man is not riding a horse near a stream
5964	None	A girl is combing her hair	A girl is brushing her hair
5965	None	Two men are taking a break from the trip on a snowy road.	Two men with bikes stand on the side of a snowy road
5966	None	Two people are in the snow without wearing camouflage clothing	Two people are in the snow wearing camouflage clothing
5967	None	A noise is representing water dripping on the dog	The dog is snapping a few drops of water
5968	None	One dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth	There&#39;s no dog chasing another or holding a stick in its mouth
5969	None	A dog, which has black fur, and a white dog are running on the grass.	A black and a white dog are running happily in the grass.
5970	None	A girl is cutting butter in two pieces	A girl is melting two pieces of butter together.
5971	None	There are no women dancing in a cage	A woman is dancing in a cage.
5972	None	A man is dropping the guitar	A man is playing a guitar
5973	None	A boy is pushing the guitar away	A child is playing a guitar
5974	None	A man is drawing a picture	Someone is drawing a person
5975	None	A man is jumping in an empty pool	A man is jumping in an empty swimming pool
5976	None	A woman is taking shadow	A woman is putting on makeup
5977	None	The woman is not pouring oil in a sautese	A monkey is angrily kicking a target
5978	None	Two men are fighting their fists in a ring	Men are not fighting their fists in a ring
5979	None	A man is drawing	The man is painting
5980	None	The man is not climbing up a rope	A man is climbing upwards on a rope.
5981	None	The person is not slicing onions	A person is peeling an onion
5982	None	A person is chopping a red onion	A person is riding a motorcycle
5983	None	A woman is cutting a carrot	A man is slicing a tomato
5984	None	A man is breaking tiles with his hands.	A man is breaking wooden tables with his hand.
5985	None	A man is putting garlic on some bread slices	A man is slicing some garlic and saving the bread
5986	None	Three boys in karate uniform are fighting	Three men are practicing karate in a field
5987	None	A boy is standing in front of the blue-painted building in the space reserved for people with disabilities.	A boy in a red shirt stands in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera.
5988	None	Three kids are jumping on the leaves	Children in red shirts are sleeping in the sheets
5989	None	A group of children wearing the same clothes are waiting at a gate and one is kissing their mother	A crowd of people are near the water.
5990	None	The soccer ball is not between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass	The small child is playing soccer and falling on the grass
5991	None	Reindeer herd is not crossing a road	A herd of deer is crossing the street.
5992	None	There is no man playing a piano	A man is playing a piano
5993	None	The woman is catching and holding a kangaroo baby	A woman is releasing a kangaroo baby from her arms.
5994	None	A boy is climbing up a climbing wall and is attached to a rope	A boy is climbing down an artificially built wall for climbing and is not attached to the rope.
5995	None	A truck is speeding down the hill	Some water is being drunk by a cat
5996	None	The men are talking	Some women are talking
5997	None	A man is drawing a picture	The person is painting
5998	None	A man is eating a carrot sliced by a machine	A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
5999	None	A man is holding a carrot.	The woman is slicing an onion
6000	None	A man is dancing	A man is sitting
6001	None	The man is not driving a car	The man is driving a car
6002	None	Runners are competing in a race.	Runners are competing around the track
6003	None	A herd of deer is crossing the street.	A herd of reindeer is crossing a road.
6004	None	Rhino is grazing in the grass	There are no rhinos grazing in a field
6005	None	A man is dying on the floor	A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
6006	None	Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is sitting in the seat	No biker is standing on the seat of a motorcycle
6007	None	The man is riding a horse near a stream	There is no man riding a horse
6008	None	A person is pouring chopped vegetables into a pan on the stove	A man is stroking an alligator in the mouth
6009	None	A man is firing a gun	A man is shooting guns
6010	None	Four kids are bridging the park	Four girls are bridging and playing outdoors
6011	None	A child is facing the ocean waves	The young boy is running by the waves of the ocean
6012	None	There are no women sitting singing a song and playing the guitar	A sitting woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
6013	None	A dog that has brown and white fur is trotting in the shallows	A brown and white coat is floating in the shallows next to a trotting dog.
6014	None	A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball	A man is losing the soccer ball
6015	None	A herd of deer is crossing the street.	A herd of reindeer is crossing a road.
6016	None	Along two streets, different dog breeds are being watched.	A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.
6017	None	The man in the gray t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall	Someone is sitting at the waterfall and is looking at a woman
6018	None	A woman is wearing oversized sunglasses and is holding newspapers in both hands.	A newspaper is presenting a woman with big hands holding sunglasses and wearing a coat
6019	None	A man is betting race	A man is running down the road
6020	None	A lady is surfing and catching a wave	A blonde girl is riding waves
6021	None	A man is turning off the microwave	A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
6022	None	The microphone in front of the talking parrot is being muted	A parrot is talking
6023	None	A man is playing a guitar	A man is playing a guitar under a window
6024	None	A machine is sharpening a pencil	A pencil is being sharpened by the machine
6025	None	A man is playing the guitar	A man is strumming a guitar
6026	None	A woman is not cutting meat	A woman is cutting an onion
6027	None	A dog is running on the road	There are no dogs running on the road
6028	None	Rhino is not grazing in the grass	Rhino is grazing in the grass
6029	None	A woman is washing a large pepper	A woman is slicing a large pepper.
6030	None	A woman is putting on lipstick	There&#39;s no man playing the guitar
6031	None	The woman is chopping garlic	The woman is not chopping garlic
6032	None	A man is not playing a child in the pool that is near the ocean	A father is playing his daughter in the pool
6033	None	A man is performing a trick on a green bike	There&#39;s no man performing a trick on a green bike
6034	None	There&#39;s nobody peeling a banana	Someone is peeling a banana
6035	None	A girl is naked and is standing on the grass	A girl is wearing a pink shirt that has white writing and is lying on the grass
6036	None	A man is cutting a paper.	A person is not tearing paper
6037	None	A man is playing the piano	A wooden flute is played by a man
6038	None	Some people are sailing and rowing	Four people are floating in a dinghy
6039	None	A small dog is running and its owner is trying to catch it.	The black and white dog is running and a person is after him
6040	None	There&#39;s no man thinking	A man is dancing
6041	None	A cheetah is being shaken by its prey across a field	A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
6042	None	The keyboard is being touched with the nose by a man	The man is playing the piano with his nose
6043	None	Several swimmers are jumping out of the water	Swimmers are competing in a lake
6044	None	A man is carelessly holding a frog	A man is completely emptying a container made of plastic.
6045	None	A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl	A woman is vigorously breaking two eggs in a bowl.
6046	None	Two boys are playing on a trampoline	Some kids are jumping on a trampoline.
6047	None	A girl is jumping in the car	There&#39;s no girl jumping in the car
6048	None	A small boy is watching a family that is hitting a baseball	A family is watching a small boy who is hitting a baseball
6049	None	The lady is adding cheese to the sauce	A man is pouring a plate of cheese that is grated into a sauce pan
6050	None	A prey is running quickly after the cheetah	A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
6051	None	A woman is putting makeup on her eyelid	The woman is casting shadow
6052	None	A woman is riding a brown horse	A man is opening a package containing headphones
6053	None	A man is playing the guitar	A man is holding the guitar.
6054	None	Five kids are standing in front of a log cabin	Five kids are standing together and one child has a pistol
6055	None	The man is playing the piano with his nose	A man is standing still
6056	None	Three kids are jumping on the leaves	Leaf-covered kids are playing with red shirts
6057	None	Someone is playing the guitar	Someone is playing a piano
6058	None	There are no planes taking off	A plane is taking off
6059	None	A person on a black motorcycle is doing tricks with a jacket.	A person in a black blouse is doing tricks on a motorcycle
6060	None	A woman and a dog are standing near a tree stump	An old woman is standing near a white dog
6061	None	There&#39;s no guinea pig eating a carrot	A little guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the ground.
6062	None	A rhino is grazing in a field	There are no rhinos grazing in a field
6063	None	A woman is adding ingredients in a large bowl.	A woman is cracking some eggs in a bowl
6064	None	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch	A man is losing the soccer ball
6065	None	A man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bike	One person riding a bicycle is wearing equipment that is black
6066	None	The wee boy is playing with the dog	A baby is playing with a dog
6067	None	There&#39;s no woman peeling a potato	This woman is peeling a potato
6068	None	There&#39;s no woman caressing a lemur	Someone is scratching an animal&#39;s belly
6069	None	The person is slicing onions	There is no person peeling an onion
6070	None	A snake is being fed by a mouse by a man.	A man is not cautiously feeding the snake with a mouse.
6071	None	A girl is wearing a pink shirt that has white writing and is lying on the grass	A girl is naked and is standing on the grass
6072	None	The man is not cutting a tree trunk with an ax	A man is chopping a log with an ax
6073	None	The woman is not playing an acoustic guitar or singing	The woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing
6074	None	No one is playing guitar and singing	A person is playing a guitar and singing
6075	None	A dog is licking a baby	A dog is licking a small child
6076	None	The woman is adding sugar to the meat	A woman is adding spices to some meat
6077	None	The cyclist is pedaling over the top of a fence	The boy is riding a bicycle on top of a metal fence
6078	None	The woman is wearing glasses and a black cap	The woman is not wearing glasses or a cap
6079	None	The man is hammering a nail with a camera	Someone is hitting a camera lens against a nail
6080	None	A child is waking up slowly.	A girl is waking up
6081	None	A woman is grating carrots	There are no women covering a pork chop
6082	None	A baby is crawling happily	A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
6083	None	There&#39;s no man singing and playing guitar	A man is playing a guitar
6084	None	The boy is riding on a tricycle	The boy is not riding a tricycle
6085	None	The woman is cooking something	The woman is cooking something carefully
6086	None	People are walking outside a building that has many murals	Several people stand in front of a building that is covered in color.
6087	None	A group of people in a large Asian restaurant are eating.	A large group of Asian people are eating in a restaurant.
6088	None	The man is stirring the oil	The man is not stirring the oil
6089	None	A man is folding a tortilla	A man is unfolding a tortilla
6090	None	The piece of paper is not being cut	The paper is being cut with scissors
6091	None	A young child is under a climbing wall that is in a covered area.	A small child is climbing a climbing wall within a covered area.
6092	None	A funny crowd of people are making a skit of two men boxing	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
6093	None	There&#39;s no man pouring some oil on the tomatoes	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes
6094	None	A laughing child is holding a water gun and being splashed with water	A boy is holding a water pistol
6095	None	A cat is playing a piano	The cat is playing keyboards
6096	None	A man is slicing some garlic and saving the bread	A man is sprinkling spice on several sliced and buttered breads.
6097	None	A man is turning on the microwave	A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
6098	None	There&#39;s nobody playing a piano	Someone is playing a piano
6099	None	A cat is eating corn on the cob	A cat is moving away from some corn
6100	None	The cyclist is performing a trick in the air.	A man is failing to do a bike trick in midair
6101	None	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.	Two men with a dog are boring a crowd of people
6102	None	There are no children waking up	A girl is waking up
6103	None	Young boy is climbing the stone wall	A young child is under a climbing wall that is in a covered area.
6104	None	Five kids are standing in front of a log cabin	Five kids are standing together and one child has a gun
6105	None	The woman is walking the dog	The woman is walking a dog down the street
6106	None	A boy is climbing up a climbing wall and is attached to a rope	A boy is climbing effortlessly up an artificially built wall for climbing and is attached to a rope
6107	None	A man is singing to a woman	A man is not talking on the phone
6108	None	A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it	A woman is carefully pouring the mixture into a bowl and mixing it
6109	None	The baby is crawling happily	A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
6110	None	There are no women slicing an eggplant	The woman is cutting a vegetable
6111	None	A girl with a black bag is in a crowded train	An asian woman in the crowd is carrying a black bag
6112	None	People are rowing and rowing	People are not rowing and rowing
6113	None	There&#39;s no woman playing a flute	A flute is being played by a girl
6114	None	There are no dogs running on the road	A dog is running on the road
6115	None	A woman is rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush	There&#39;s no woman rubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
6116	None	A man is breaking tiles with his hands.	A man is restoring tiles with his hands.
6117	None	Two men with bikes stand on the side of a snowy road	Two men are breaking into a car while traveling on a snowy road
6118	None	The man and the woman are not walking	A man and a woman are walking through the woods
6119	None	Several children are lying down and are raising their knees	Two girls are sitting on the floor
6120	None	There&#39;s no man driving the car	A woman is dipping a shrimp in the batter
6121	None	Three women are dancing	Three women are standing still
6122	None	The man is driving a car	The man has a window of time to clean himself
6123	None	There&#39;s no man singing and playing guitar	A man is singing and playing the guitar
6124	None	The man is pouring oil on some tomatoes	Few men like to dump tomato oil
6125	None	A person is sitting	A man is thinking
6126	None	A man is thinking	A person is sitting
6127	None	A man is getting into a car in a garage	A man is arranging a garage for the car.
6128	None	A man and a woman are shaking hands.	A man and a woman are not shaking hands
6129	None	A monkey is kicking a person&#39;s gloved hand	The monkey is practicing martial arts
6130	None	The man is cleaning the chalkboard drawing	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work on the blackboard
6131	None	A woman is taking a mixture from a bowl	A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
6132	None	A clown is singing and people are dancing	There&#39;s no clown singing and people aren&#39;t dancing
6133	None	Several ferrets are climbing into the cage.	Ferrets are climbing shelf below
6134	None	A cat is eating corn on the cob	A cat is eagerly eating corn on the cob
6135	None	There&#39;s no woman putting on lipstick	A woman is putting on lipstick
6136	None	A plane is taking off	There are no planes taking off
6137	None	The person is not slicing a vegetable	Someone is slicing a tomato
6138	None	A girl in blue uniform is raising her arm	The girl in blue and white uniform is not cheering
6139	None	There&#39;s no man playing the piano	A man is playing a wooden flute
6140	None	Many children are standing	Several children are sitting and raising their knees
6141	None	A woman is cutting an onion	The woman is dicing onions
6142	None	A group of people are near the sea.	A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach.
6143	None	The man is walking a path through nature	A man is standing in the middle of a road.
6144	None	There&#39;s no cat playing a keyboard	A cat is playing a keyboard
6145	None	A man is riding a mechanical bull.	There&#39;s no man riding a mechanical bull
6146	None	A man is opening a package that does not contain headphones.	A man is singing and playing the guitar
6147	None	A child is losing a baseball	A child is hitting a baseball
6148	None	A chimpanzee is missing the target	The woman is pouring oil in a sautese
6149	None	A baby is playing with a dog	A baby is happily playing with a dog
6150	None	A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl	A person is mixing the ingredients in the mixer for the man.
6151	None	Some people are floating in a dinghy	Four people are floating in a dinghy
6152	None	A cat is not crawling under furniture	A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture
6153	None	A man is removing butter from a slice of bread that is large.	The man is carelessly spreading the butter on a slice of garlic bread
6154	None	A woman is putting meat in a frying pan	Meat is being poured into a frying pan
6155	None	A woman is dipping a shrimp in the batter	A man is driving a car.
6156	None	An animal is running in circles.	The squirrel is not running in circles
6157	None	The dough is being stretched by a man	A woman is slicing meat with a knife
6158	None	A woman is not cutting prawns	A woman is cutting prawns
6159	None	Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing rods	Two men are holding some water standing near the fishing rods
6160	None	A boy is pushing the guitar away	A boy is playing a guitar
6161	None	A man is playing the keyboard	There&#39;s no man playing a keyboard
6162	None	The man is a guitar player	A boat is calmly sailing on the water.
6163	None	The boy is not playing in the mud	A cat is playing with a device
6164	None	A girl in a blue uniform is quickly raising her arm	The girl in blue and white uniform is cheering
6165	None	Kids in red shirts are playing in the leaves	Three boys are jumping in the leaves
6166	None	A woman wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle across a pedestrian bridge	The woman wearing silver pants with pink bell-bottom and a red scarf is happily riding a bicycle
6167	None	A man is not cautiously feeding the snake with a mouse.	The man is carefully feeding the snake with a mouse
6168	None	The man is playing a child inside a pool that is near the ocean	A father is taking his daughter out of a pool
6169	None	The man is slicing bread	The woman is not slicing herbs
6170	None	A person is chopping an onion	A person is gathering pieces of an onion
6171	None	The elephant is being ridden by the woman	The elephant is not being ridden by the woman
6172	None	There&#39;s no woman slicing a potato	A woman is slicing a carrot
6173	None	A sea turtle is looking for fish	The turtle is following the fish
6174	None	A person is gathering pieces of an onion	A person is slicing a carrot into pieces
6175	None	A band is not playing on a stage	A band is performing on stage
6176	None	The player is losing the basket and a crowd is in the background.	A man in a team shirt is burying a ball in a basketball game
6177	None	A man is driving a car.	A man is riding an animal
6178	None	A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman.	There are no black, red and pink dresses being worn by a woman
6179	None	A person is riding a bicycle on one wheel	There is no man in a black jacket doing tricks on a motorcycle
6180	None	Two kids are pulling an inflatable crocodile out of a pool	Two kids are playing in a pool with a green colored crocodile float
6181	None	One person has flowing blond hair and is playing guitar	A skilled man is playing guitar on stage
6182	None	A man is sitting in the woods	A man is walking in the woods
6183	None	A boy is surfing and riding a wave	A blonde girl is riding waves
6184	None	A plane is flying through the air	A plane flies fast through the air
6185	None	The children of the family are playing and waiting	There are no children playing and waiting
6186	None	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino	A mother is giving her baby a corral with a walking rhino.
6187	None	A man is standing in the middle of a road.	The man is walking a path through nature
6188	None	A boy in a red T-shirt stands in front of a long, blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera.	A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for disabled people.
6189	None	The man is erasing another man&#39;s work on the blackboard	Girl is erasing another man&#39;s work from the board
6190	None	Two boys are talking on the phone	Two scared boys are talking on the phone
6191	None	A lot of people are on the coast	A lot of guys are on the coast
6192	None	The person is driving a motorcycle on a sand trail	A person is riding a motorbike at a motocross-related event.
6193	None	No one is fighting their fists in a ring	Two men are fighting their fists in a ring
6194	None	A person is not chopping an onion	A person is riding a motorcycle
6195	None	Onions are being sliced by one person	A person is peeling an onion
6196	None	A squirrel is running in circles.	An animal is resting
6197	None	A man is playing the guitar	A man is strumming the guitar
6198	None	Several people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights	A large group of Asian people are eating in a restaurant.
6199	None	Carrots are being grated by a woman	A woman is breading a pork chop
6200	None	There&#39;s no man playing two keyboards	A cat is playing a keyboard
6201	None	A baby is crawling happily	A baby is sitting
6202	None	There&#39;s no man slicing a tomato	A man is slicing a bread
6203	None	Two boys are studying	Two boys on the couch are playing video games
6204	None	Two men with a dog are boring a crowd of people	Two men are making a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
6205	None	A man is playing a guitar	A woman is playing an electric guitar
6206	None	The small child is playing soccer and falling on the grass	The boy on the grass is lying down and is holding the soccer ball between his feet
6207	None	A young boy is playing a wind instrument	A child is practicing with an instrument.
6208	None	Carrot is being sliced by a woman	An oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces
6209	None	A couple is running and holding hands	A couple is running towards the ocean
6210	None	You are measuring another woman&#39;s ankle	You&#39;re not measuring another woman&#39;s ankle
6211	None	A man is restoring tiles with his hands.	A man is breaking tiles with his hands.
6212	None	Two girls are lying on the floor	Two girls are sitting on the floor
6213	None	No one is sitting comfortably on the bench	A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench.
6214	None	The man is not playing acoustic guitar	A man is playing the guitar
6215	None	Some kids are jumping off a trampoline	Some kids are jumping on a trampoline.
6216	None	Several swimmers are jumping in the water	Some swimmers are competing in a lake
6217	None	The young girl with pink shirt is quietly lying on the grass	A girl is wearing a pink shirt that has white writing and is lying on the grass
6218	None	A man is jumping in an empty pool	A cyclist is jumping in the air alone
6219	None	The monkey is not brushing a bulldog	The monkey is brushing a bulldog
6220	None	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch	A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball
6221	None	There are no riders riding a motorcycle along a road	A red helmet biker is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
6222	None	The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl.	A little child is drinking water from the cup.
6223	None	A girl is melting two pieces of butter together.	Tofu is being sliced by a woman
6224	None	The girl is riding a horse	The girl is watering the plants
6225	None	A little cat is drinking fresh milk	A kitten is drinking fresh milk.
6226	None	A woman is wearing an Egyptian cap	The woman is wearing glasses and a black cap
6227	None	The man on stage is singing into the microphone	The man in the suit is standing facing a microphone and singing
6228	None	A group of people are singing	Some people are silent
6229	None	A dog is playing with a toy	A dog is biting a doll
6230	None	The lady is slicing the meat	The lady is breaking an egg for the mixer
6231	None	A plane is landing	A plane is taking off
6232	None	The man is playing a flute	There&#39;s no man playing a bamboo flute
6233	None	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch	A woman is mixing the contents of a bowl.
6234	None	Woman and man are not traveling by car	A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is sitting next to her
6235	None	Some women are dancing happily	The three men are dancing
6236	None	The man is hammering a nail with a camera	The man is not hammering a nail with a camera
6237	None	There&#39;s no man playing the drums	A man is playing the drums
6238	None	A person is rubbing a zucchini	A person is wrapping a zucchini
6239	None	Young boy is climbing the stone wall	A young child is climbing a climbing wall that is in a covered area.
6240	None	A wooden ball is being thrown through the door in front of a large group of boys.	A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door.
6241	None	Several kids are jumping on a trampoline	There are no children jumping on a trampoline
6242	None	The woman is wearing glasses and a black cap	A woman is wearing an Egyptian cap
6243	None	A woman is adding spices to some meat	The woman is adding sugar to the meat
6244	None	Someone is singing about a man who plays the guitar	A boy is playing a piano
6245	None	A woman is carefully removing her makeup.	A woman is applying makeup carefully
6246	None	A person is stopping playing a trumpet	A man is playing the guitar
6247	None	Two big people are sitting on a park bench and they have a soda bottle between them	No one is sitting comfortably on the bench
6248	None	Rhino is grazing in the grass	A rhino is grazing in a field
6249	None	A woman is boning a fish	A woman is releasing a fish
6250	None	A boy is playing a guitar	A teenager is playing the guitar
6251	None	A white and caramel dog is running across the field	A brown and white dog is crossing the tall grass
6252	None	An old topless woman is covered in paint.	A naked lady is walking in front of a crowd with body painting
6253	None	A person is riding a motorbike at a motocross-related event.	There is no person riding a motorcycle at the motocross-related event.
6254	None	The person is writing with a pencil	There is no person writing
6255	None	A kitten is drinking fresh milk.	The cat is drinking some milk
6256	None	Several children are sitting and raising their knees	Two girls are sitting on the floor
6257	None	A boy is combing his hair	A girl is brushing her hair
6258	None	The man is slicing a potato	The man is wrapping a potato
6259	None	The person is setting the cameras on fire	A person is burning some cameras with a blowtorch
6260	None	A person is playing a guitar and singing	The woman is not playing an acoustic guitar or singing
6261	None	The guitarist is loving a girl	A girl is playing the guitar
6262	None	The woman is not casting a shadow	The girl is rubbing eyeliner on her eyelid
6263	None	Two dogs are fighting and hugging	There are no dogs fighting and hugging
6264	None	A man is singing and playing the guitar	A man is opening a package containing headphones
6265	None	Three boys in karate uniform are fighting	Three men are practicing karate in a gym
6266	None	A piece of wood is being screwed to a wall by a man	A man is massaging a woman
6267	None	Two people are standing on a motorcycle	Two people are riding a motorcycle
6268	None	The man is playing the flute	The man is not playing the flute
6269	None	A biker is riding the motorcycle along the highway	A red helmet biker is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
6270	None	The woman is not slicing an onion with a knife	A man is preparing some dish
6271	None	A man is jumping on a low wall	A man is jumping from a low wall
6272	None	A man is not mowing a lawn	A man is mowing a lawn
6273	None	The milk is being drunk by a cat	Milk is a kitten drink
6274	None	The woman is cutting a vegetable	A woman is slicing an eggplant
6275	None	A child is slipping in the snow	A boy in a red and black slide is wearing a jacket and hat and has his knees covered in snow.
6276	None	The cat is not playing with a watermelon	The cat is playing with a watermelon
6277	None	There&#39;s no man slicing onion	A man is slicing an onion
6278	None	A man is sitting	A man is walking outside
6279	None	A cat is eating some corn	A cat is eating corn on the cob
6280	None	There&#39;s no girl playing the piano	A small girl is playing a grand piano on stage
6281	None	A herd of reindeer is crossing a road fast.	A herd of deer is crossing the street.
6282	None	A man is playing a guitar	There&#39;s no man playing a guitar
6283	None	A man in a suit is standing in front of a microphone and singing	A man on stage is singing passionately into the microphone.
6284	None	A man is cutting a carrot with a knife	The woman is slicing an onion
6285	None	The black and white dog is running and a person is after him	The black and white dog is not running and there is no person standing behind
6286	None	A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby	A baby is crawling happily
6287	None	Two girls are sitting on the floor	Several children are lying down and are raising their knees
6288	None	A person is writing	There is no person writing
6289	None	An asian woman in the crowd is carrying a black bag	A little black train is in a girl&#39;s bag
6290	None	A boy is hitting a baseball	A family is watching a small boy who is hitting a baseball
6291	None	A baby is laughing	A cheerful baby is laughing
6292	None	A man is dancing	A man is standing still
6293	None	A dog is jumping on a diving board	A dog is jumping on a trampoline
6294	None	The man is not slicing potatoes	The man is slicing potatoes
6295	None	A man is playing the guitar	The man is not playing acoustic guitar
6296	None	A woman is cutting an onion	There&#39;s no woman chopping an onion
6297	None	Man needs a shorthand machine to operate	A man is typing on a machine used for shorthand
6298	None	Some horses are competing furiously on the green grass and jumping over an obstacle.	Jockeys are running horses in the field, which is completely green
6299	None	Some swimmers are coming out of a lake.	Swimmers are competing in a lake
6300	None	A man is standing still	A man is dancing
6301	None	A little fantasy girl looks like a woman	A small girl is looking at a fantasy woman
6302	None	Someone is putting the guitar over there	Someone is playing the guitar
6303	None	The man is carefully feeding the snake with a mouse	A poor man is being fed with snakes and rats
6304	None	A piano is being played by a man	A piano is not being played by a man
6305	None	The man is not playing acoustic guitar	The man is playing an acoustic guitar
6306	None	A man is doing a bike trick in midair	A cyclist is fearlessly doing a trick in the air.
6307	None	Children are playing in front of a large door.	The kids are not playing in front of a big door
6308	None	A dog is biting a doll	A dog is playing with a toy
6309	None	Along two streets, different dog breeds are being watched.	Two dogs of different breeds are looking across the street.
6310	None	The man is slicing the potato	One is carefully slicing a potato
6311	None	Four kids are bridging the park	Four girls are making bridges and playing in a covered area
6312	None	A man is sitting	A man is dancing
6313	None	A frying pan is being poured over the meat	Meat is being poured into a frying pan
6314	None	There is no lion tiredly walking anxiously in a cage	A lion is tiredly walking anxiously in a cage.
6315	None	A band is singing	A woman is putting on some makeup carefully.
6316	None	Some animals are out of the water.	Some animals are playing in the water.
6317	None	A girl is brushing her hair	A girl is combing her hair
6318	None	A man is playing the keyboard	A man is not playing a guitar
6319	None	A flute is not being played by a man	A flute is being played by a man
6320	None	A young topless woman is covered in paint.	There&#39;s no body painting lady walking in front of a crowd
6321	None	A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass.	A dog is playing excitedly with water in a field
6322	None	There&#39;s no dog chasing another or holding a stick in its mouth	One dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
6323	None	A young topless woman is covered in paint.	A naked lady is walking in front of several people with body painting.
6324	None	A woman is squeezing juice from a lemon.	A woman is putting aside a lemon
6325	None	Two dogs of different breeds are looking across the street.	A dog, which is black, and a white are ignoring each other on the street.
6326	None	The woman is slicing an onion	A man is slicing a carrot confidently with the knife
6327	None	A woman is collecting tap water in a mug	A boy is filling a jug with water
6328	None	There is no band playing	A band is playing on stage.
6329	None	There are no women slicing an eggplant	A woman is slicing an eggplant
6330	None	There&#39;s no man wearing a dyed black shirt sitting at the table and laughing	A man is sitting comfortably at the table.
6331	None	Two teams are competing in a soccer match	Two teams are competing in a baseball game
6332	None	A guinea pig is eating a carrot	There&#39;s no little guinea pig biting and eating a piece of carrot on the ground
6333	None	A man is spitting	A man is talking
6334	None	A man stands on a rock above some trees and is standing in a strange position.	A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing
6335	None	No one is beating an egg	Someone is beating an egg
6336	None	There&#39;s no man talking on a podium	A man is speaking on a stage.
6337	None	Men are fighting their fists in a ring	Men are not fighting their fists in a ring
6338	None	A fish is swimming	A fish is not swimming
6339	None	The man is lifting weights	The man is not lifting weights
6340	None	A man is playing a guitar on stage.	A skilled man is playing guitar on stage
6341	None	A man is talking on the phone.	A man is singing to a woman
6342	None	The man is riding a horse	A horse is riding on a man
6343	None	A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave	A man is being pushed toward the buttons of a microwave
6344	None	The man is throwing knives at the tree.	A man is outside and is throwing blades at a nearby target.
6345	None	A squirrel is running in circles.	There&#39;s no squirrel spinning in circles
6346	None	A woman is chopping broccoli	The woman is chopping garlic
6347	None	Two small children are eating in a very tiny cart full of curls	Two young children are eating rolls
6348	None	A panda is climbing	A man is untying a rope
6349	None	A man is playing the piano	There&#39;s no man playing a wooden flute
6350	None	A woman is standing and a man is sitting idly	A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard.
6351	None	The deer is jumping over a fence	There&#39;s no deer jumping over fences
6352	None	A woman is cracking some eggs in a bowl	A woman is removing ingredients from a bowl.
6353	None	People are singing and a clown is dancing	A clown is singing and people are dancing
6354	None	Some men are watching cricket	People are playing cricket
6355	None	A cyclist is on the black and white bicycle and is standing on the saddle.	A biker is standing on the seat of a white motorcycle
6356	None	A laughing man is dyeing a black shirt at a table you can&#39;t sit on	A man is sitting comfortably at the table.
6357	None	Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench	Two big people are sitting on a park bench and they have a soda bottle between them
6358	None	The man is wrapping a potato	The man is slicing a potato
6359	None	There&#39;s no man driving the car	A man is driving a car.
6360	None	The man is not being knocked off a horse	The man is being knocked off the horse
6361	None	The man and the boy are standing under the stairs, which is outdoors	An adult is in the amphitheater and is seriously talking with a boy.
6362	None	Two dogs are playing near a tree	Two dogs are sleeping near a tree
6363	None	A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants	There are no dogs fighting and hugging
6364	None	A cartoon plane is landing	A cartoon plane is taking off
6365	None	There&#39;s no woman casting a shadow	The woman is casting shadow
6366	None	There is no man in a black jacket doing tricks on a motorcycle	A person is riding a bicycle on one wheel
6367	None	The man is slicing some potatoes	A woman is peeling a potato
6368	None	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch	A man is mixing the contents of a bowl.
6369	None	A girl is cutting butter in two pieces	Some slices of tofu are being eaten by a woman.
6370	None	Three teenagers are dying in the bedroom	Some teens are dancing for the camera.
6371	None	The woman is cracking eggs in a bowl	The woman is holding the eggs
6372	None	A man at the keyboard is playing with his nose	The man is playing the piano with his nose
6373	None	A man is sitting comfortably at the table.	There&#39;s no man wearing a dyed black shirt sitting at the table and laughing
6374	None	The bride is leaving the groom after the wedding	The bride and groom are leaving after the wedding
6375	None	A man in blue overalls is failing to fly a motorcycle	A man in blue overalls is bravely riding a motorcycle
6376	None	There&#39;s no dog eating a doll	A dog is playing with a toy
6377	None	A musician is playing two keyboards.	A cat is playing a keyboard
6378	None	There&#39;s no man being hit	A boy is hitting a man with a plastic sword
6379	None	A couple is running towards the water	A man and a woman are running together and holding hands.
6380	None	A man is spreading dough	A woman is slicing meat with a knife
6381	None	The man is on the ride with the horse	The horse is being ridden by a man
6382	None	An onion is being cut by a man	There&#39;s no man slicing onion
6383	None	The person is quickly slicing a vegetable	Someone is slicing a tomato
6384	None	A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes.	A tattooed man is on a couch and is holding a pencil
6385	None	There&#39;s no girl jumping in the car	A girl is jumping in the car
6386	None	Some men are sawing.	Men are sawing logs
6387	None	Two girls are playing the guitar	Two men are playing the guitar
6388	None	The man is drawing	The man is not drawing
6389	None	The piano is being played by someone	Someone is feeding an animal
6390	None	A person is riding a bicycle on one wheel	No one is driving a bicycle with a wheel
6391	None	There&#39;s no guinea pig eating a carrot	A guinea pig is eating a carrot
6392	None	A sea turtle is not hunting fish	The turtle is following the fish
6393	None	A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman.	A woman is wearing a cape, which is too large, and hiding a fancy dress
6394	None	A brown and white dog is crossing the tall grass	A brown and white dog is resting on the grass.
6395	None	A man is holding the guitar.	The man is playing the flute
6396	None	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water	A white man is strolling a dog through the brown water with difficulty
6397	None	A teenage boy is not talking to a girl with a webcam	A teenage boy is talking to a girl with a webcam
6398	None	Three boys in karate uniforms are fighting	Three men are practicing karate in a field
6399	None	A man is driving a car.	There is no man driving a car
6400	None	A father is taking his daughter out of a pool	A father is playing his daughter in the pool
6401	None	The man is playing an acoustic guitar	The man is not playing acoustic guitar
6402	None	A young man is running away from the fishing line	A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish
6403	None	The man is hammering a nail with a camera	Someone is nailing a camera lens with loud noises
6404	None	An old woman is wearing a shirt with rose patterns and is clumsily carrying two newspapers.	A newspaper is presenting a woman with big hands holding sunglasses and wearing a coat
6405	None	A woman is mixing eggs	The woman is drinking
6406	None	A bicycle is being pedaled by a man	A monkey is riding a bicycle
6407	None	A man is carefully climbing a rope.	A panda is climbing
6408	None	A man is shooting guns	A woman is riding a horse
6409	None	A man is holding a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar
6410	None	The presentation is being attended by a class of students.	The presentation is not being attended by a student classroom.
6411	None	A guinea pig is eating a carrot	A tiny guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the ground.
6412	None	An old woman is standing near a white dog	An old woman is far from a white dog
6413	None	The soccer ball is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass	A soccer player is falling on the grass to dodge a small child
6414	None	A woman is slicing a clove of garlic	A woman is slicing a large pepper.
6415	None	The guitar is being played by a lady	The person is not practicing the guitar
6416	None	A woman is slicing an onion	The woman is cutting a carrot
6417	None	There&#39;s no boy playing a piano	A boy is playing a piano
6418	None	A boy is running towards the fishing line	A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish
6419	None	A woman is breaking an egg in a bowl	The woman is putting a bowl with a crack near an egg
6420	None	A baby rhino is walking around a cage with its mother	A mother is giving her baby a corral with a walking rhino.
6421	None	Tofu is being sliced by a woman	A girl is cutting the butter in two pieces
6422	None	Two people are playing ping pong	A ping pong player meets two people
6423	None	A monkey is angrily kicking a target	Sautese is being greased by a woman who is pouring some water
6424	None	A man is talking to a girl with an internet camera	A teenage boy is talking to a girl with a webcam
6425	None	Two spectators are fighting kickboxing and some people are watching	Two women are fighting in a kickboxing match
6426	None	A person is taking eggs from a bowl	A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and is using a whisk made of metal.
6427	None	A sea turtle is looking for fish	A sea turtle is not hunting fish
6428	None	The boys are standing in front of the burning car	Four young men are running away and a car is standing behind them
6429	None	A woman is preparing an egg in a sautese	A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
6430	None	The animal with big eyes is eating	A lemur is eating
6431	None	A dog is rolling around	A cute puppy is repeatedly rolling back and forth with its back on the floor.
6432	None	A woman is pulling volleyballs over a net	One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
6433	None	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch	The contents of a bowl are being mixed by a man.
6434	None	A man is sitting in a field	A person is sitting in a field and is wearing a hat
6435	None	The player is burying the basketball and a crowd is in the background	The player is losing the basket and a crowd is in the background.
6436	None	The blonde girl is dancing in front of the stereo	The dancer is dancing in front of the sound equipment.
6437	None	The man is slicing bread	The woman is slicing herbs
6438	None	There&#39;s no lady cutting some meat	A lady is cutting meat into pieces
6439	None	A biker is standing on the seat of a white motorcycle	No one is on a motorcycle and is standing in the seat
6440	None	Several children are sitting and raising their knees	Two young small girls are sitting on the floor
6441	None	A man is playing a brilliantly trumpet	The man is playing a guitar
6442	None	There&#39;s no boy holding a fishing rod and running in front of a fish	A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish
6443	None	A man is playing a guitar	A harp is being played with a hat by a man
6444	None	A runner is surrounding a squirrel	A squirrel is running in circles.
6445	None	A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass.	There is no person wearing a hat and sitting on the grass
6446	None	A man is doing some tricks with a soccer ball	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch
6447	None	A lonely cyclist is jumping in the air	A man is jumping in an empty pool
6448	None	A cat is swinging on a fan	There&#39;s no cat swinging on a fan
6449	None	The man is chopping a tree trunk with an ax	A man is chopping a log with an ax
6450	None	There&#39;s no person slicing a carrot into pieces	A person is slicing a carrot into pieces
6451	None	The contents of a bowl are being mixed by a man.	A man is kicking a soccer ball on the pitch
6452	None	A person is sitting in a field and is wearing a hat	A man is sitting in a field
6453	None	The girl is spraying the plants with water	The horse is being ridden by the girl
6454	None	The man is lifting weights	The man is lowering bars
6455	None	A man is spreading dough	A man is gathering dough
6456	None	A man is doing tricks on a green bike	A man dressed in black is riding a bicycle
6457	None	A man is dropping a guitar	A man is playing a guitar
6458	None	Some men in a competition are running abroad.	The man is running to reach the leadership
6459	None	A man is playing a guitar	There&#39;s no man playing the guitar
6460	None	A tortilla is being folded by one person	A man is folding a tortilla
6461	None	There are no children hanging from a large branch	Two kids and an adult are standing next to a tree branch
6462	None	There&#39;s no woman dancing	The man is dancing
6463	None	A man is slicing a carrot confidently with the knife	The woman is slicing an onion
6464	None	A woman and a dog are sitting quietly on a tree stump.	An old woman is standing near a white dog
6465	None	Several ferrets are climbing into the cage.	Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage
6466	None	A person is riding a mechanical bull.	A man is riding a mechanical bull.
6467	None	An old woman is far from a white dog	An old woman is standing near a white dog
6468	None	A man is talking	A man is dancing
6469	None	Mountaineering equipment is firmly positioned in front of standing cyclist	A group of people are equipped with safety equipment.
6470	None	There&#39;s no lady mixing a meat mixture in a bowl	A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.
6471	None	A small girl is looking at a fantasy woman	Small girl is looking at a fantasy man
6472	None	There&#39;s no man sitting on the floor playing the guitar	A man is sitting on the floor in a room and is strumming a guitar
6473	None	The man is not slicing vegetables	A woman is slicing a potato
6474	None	A jumping practitioner is throwing a person&#39;s snowboard through the air.	Snowboarder jumps in the air
6475	None	The woman is wearing glasses and a black cap	The woman with a black hat is wearing sunglasses
6476	None	A man is opening a package containing headphones	A man is opening a tiny package containing headphones
6477	None	Some people are dancing.	The women are dancing outside
6478	None	A little monkey is walking by the water	A monkey is not walking by the water
6479	None	A white and brown dog is struggling through the water	There are no white and brown dogs struggling anxiously in the water.
6480	None	There&#39;s no kid holding a water gun	A child is holding a water gun
6481	None	The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl	Someone is beating an egg
6482	None	A person is performing a card trick	No one is performing a card trick
6483	None	A man is breaking a wooden hand against a board.	A man is breaking tiles with his hands.
6484	None	The lady is catching the kangaroo	The woman is catching a kangaroo baby
6485	None	A dog is playing excitedly with water in a field	The dog is snapping a few drops of water
6486	None	A soccer player is kicking the ball into the goal	A soccer ball is not rolling into a goal net
6487	None	The man is eating	The man is fasting
6488	None	A man&#39;s white car is being taken	A white car is being driven by a man
6489	None	Swimmers are competing in a lake	Some swimmers are coming out of a lake.
6490	None	A boy is filling a jug with water	A woman is collecting tap water in a mug
6491	None	A woman is putting the baby in a trash can	A person is putting meat in a sautese
6492	None	A person is playing the guitar and singing	The woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing
6493	None	A boy is looking at a calendar	A boy is throwing away a calendar
6494	None	A person is cutting some mushrooms	There is no person cutting some mushrooms
6495	None	A horse is flinging the cowboy wearing blue and red pants	A man is putting a cape on a wild horse that is falling on the track.
6496	None	A man is passionately playing a guitar.	A man is holding a guitar.
6497	None	A bell pepper is being cut into pieces by one person	The person is slicing a garlic clove into pieces
6498	None	A dog, which is black, and a white are staring at each other in the street.	A dog, which is black, and a white are ignoring each other on the street.
6499	None	Some animals are playing in the water.	A ping pong player meets two people
6500	None	The soccer ball is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass	There are no small children playing soccer and falling on the grass
